Sat May 13 11:13:10 AM EDT 2023
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3358      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110861  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022008  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5231      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5237      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098343  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3194      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016374  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5268      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3404      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112380  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021895  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5309      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104787  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5195      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3167      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5188      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3184      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105117  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5219      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097686  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3180      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5209      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5261      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098794  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3193      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017013  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5209      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3186      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5213      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 189       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3177      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104886  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5215      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097930  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3188      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105249  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5261      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098794  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3198      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105579  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5220      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5206      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097761  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3184      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105117  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5212      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3186      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5207      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097780  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3186      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017013  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3197      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105546  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5210      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4288      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.141564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020956  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6201      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116446  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3178      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5212      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3181      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016374  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5186      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097386  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 188       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3163      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097310  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4611      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.152228  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022046  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6503      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122117  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3181      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5209      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104787  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5197      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097592  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104621  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3172      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104721  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097442  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5203      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3161      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5206      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097761  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5240      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098400  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3185      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105150  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3164      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104621  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097498  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3163      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5177      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104787  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016374  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3176      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104853  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5195      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104787  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5196      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097573  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 190       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3164      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5236      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3157      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5166      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3172      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104721  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5177      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4600      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.151865  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 571       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021445  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6498      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3166      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097461  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
