Sat May 13 11:17:08 AM EDT 2023
----
134415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6340      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.070249  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 885       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015704  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10317     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091539  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26900     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6281      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10245     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26786     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133595000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6263      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10276     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091175  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26735     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6270      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 870       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10228     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26706     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6272      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069495  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10291     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26841     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6263      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10215     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26755     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6264      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069407  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10221     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26765     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6264      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069407  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10228     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26684     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6262      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10215     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26827     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
170240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6270      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10228     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 34063     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6251      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10202     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090518  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26863     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6262      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10214     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26824     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6301      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015154  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10284     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091246  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26709     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133925000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6279      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069573  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10254     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26801     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6283      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10245     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26678     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6277      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10297     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26686     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6273      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069506  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10290     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26683     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6273      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069506  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10281     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26675     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6267      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10215     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26736     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6283      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10225     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26761     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6303      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015420  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10242     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26904     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6267      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10225     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26669     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6276      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10229     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26712     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6290      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069695  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10251     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26659     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6266      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10216     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26687     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6278      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015172  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10233     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26703     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6278      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10247     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26669     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133265000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6259      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015172  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10205     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26669     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6255      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069307  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10222     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26667     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133275000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6280      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10226     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26670     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6244      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10198     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090483  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26653     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133890000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6294      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069739  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10264     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6269      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10215     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26772     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6252      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069274  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10205     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26615     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133110000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 7450      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082548  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1158      μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10983     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26643     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133880000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6255      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069307  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10200     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090500  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26791     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6287      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069662  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 872       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10197     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26641     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
169300000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6252      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069274  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10184     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090358  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 33875     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6243      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10205     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26667     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6253      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10171     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090243  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26628     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6245      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015154  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10168     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26677     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6228      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069008  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10170     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26824     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6248      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10159     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26799     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133225000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6248      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10231     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26659     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132685000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6236      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069096  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015154  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10164     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090181  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26552     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6241      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069152  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10143     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089995  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26673     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133915000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6237      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10170     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26798     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6231      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10167     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26739     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6252      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069274  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10230     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26604     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6246      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069207  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015172  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 520940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10249     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26771     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
