Sat May 13 11:13:41 AM EDT 2023
----
13940000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3804      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6053      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2805      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3684      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6004      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2809      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13980000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3654      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104031  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5975      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2812      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13960000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3653      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104002  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5972      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2808      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3668      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5976      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2811      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017015  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5988      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098157  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2820      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6008      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2818      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14135000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3665      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5978      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2843      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3685      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104914  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6008      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2824      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2861      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5991      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2826      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14155000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3659      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2849      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14125000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3679      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6000      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2842      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6006      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2828      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6011      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2831      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3668      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5991      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5999      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098337  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3672      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5996      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3672      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6004      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2814      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6000      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2823      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14065000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6018      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2829      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14090000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3672      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2834      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6009      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2826      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5997      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098305  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2827      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14035000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3657      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104116  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016228  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5984      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2822      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3666      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5987      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2820      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3671      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6000      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2825      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5975      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2821      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3659      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5987      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2831      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3659      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5983      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2816      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3666      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5985      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2824      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5985      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2816      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3664      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5981      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2830      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3666      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016261  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2838      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3668      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 500       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5993      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2817      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3664      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5983      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2821      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14035000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016326  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6032      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098878  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2823      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3669      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6008      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2817      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6027      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2807      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5999      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098337  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2814      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3667      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5986      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2827      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14120000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3664      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5993      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2840      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5996      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2807      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3665      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6018      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2819      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3679      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6007      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2824      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3666      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6003      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2822      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3679      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6012      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098550  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2829      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3667      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5998      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098321  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2827      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3672      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 499       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2820      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3672      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017113  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5984      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2865      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
