Sat May 13 11:13:28 AM EDT 2023
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4276      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118160  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 694       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022026  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6400      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3788      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104675  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 609       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019329  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6033      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3742      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 613       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5910      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3874      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 679       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021550  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6073      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3736      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103238  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 631       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103957  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 646       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5952      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094455  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3737      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 627       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019900  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5854      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3739      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 628       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019932  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5962      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094613  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 905       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3722      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 617       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019582  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3717      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 622       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5862      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3825      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105698  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 631       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6103      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3882      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 690       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021899  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6014      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 918       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4500000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3913      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108129  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 698       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6100      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 917       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3834      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 651       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020662  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6056      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3712      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102575  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018916  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5945      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 908       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3741      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 621       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019709  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5961      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3904      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107881  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 681       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021614  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5989      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 925       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3892      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107549  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 719       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022820  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5943      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094312  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 909       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3878      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107162  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 695       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6037      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095804  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3784      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 678       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021519  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5950      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3777      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 670       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5924      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3782      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 655       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5903      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3741      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 639       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020281  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5921      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103846  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 648       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020566  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5919      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093931  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3745      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 635       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020154  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5942      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3729      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103045  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 613       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5955      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3743      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103432  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 622       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5922      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093979  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3716      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 612       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5861      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3724      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102907  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 617       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019582  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5946      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3730      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103072  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 629       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019963  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5935      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3713      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102603  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019202  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5937      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3739      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 629       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019963  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3727      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102989  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 626       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5929      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3717      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 613       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5895      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093550  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3714      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 620       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019678  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5933      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3723      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102879  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 614       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5951      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3715      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 619       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019646  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5853      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3721      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 621       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019709  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5869      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3743      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103432  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 629       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019963  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3725      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102934  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 624       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019805  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5920      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3725      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102934  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 620       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019678  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5930      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094106  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3721      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 625       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019836  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5953      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3715      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 617       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019582  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5929      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3739      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 624       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019805  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5946      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 905       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3703      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5908      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4025      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 872       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027676  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5914      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 893       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 615       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019519  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5895      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093550  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 890       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3836      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 671       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5981      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094915  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103929  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 692       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021963  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5839      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 894       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3685      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018916  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5905      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 893       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
