Sat May 13 11:13:03 AM EDT 2023
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3285      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118118  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5167      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 174       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5122      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103898  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 174       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110819  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5101      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3112      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103716  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3108      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5116      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3104      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017201  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3087      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5087      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4317      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.155226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021217  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6177      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3080      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5092      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5082      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103087  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3069      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5079      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110531  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102742  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3076      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110603  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4576      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164539  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6468      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131202  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5125      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103959  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3096      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111322  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3089      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103574  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3094      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5104      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103533  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103351  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3089      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3100      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5129      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5120      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103858  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5139      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104243  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3100      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5140      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5132      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5137      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104203  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5099      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103432  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 174       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3094      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3104      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103716  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103574  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 188       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3075      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5089      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103229  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5108      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3077      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110639  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016917  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5075      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3089      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5104      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103533  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103411  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3100      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5102      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5092      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
