Sat May 13 11:23:24 AM EDT 2023
----
385570000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3989      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 637       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6065      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77131     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5954      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77407     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051603  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5947      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101180  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77650     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3680      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5936      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77468     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5957      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77225     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3698      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5968      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101538  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77352     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051477  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5957      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77369     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 477       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5937      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77353     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387675000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051477  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5932      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77550     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3684      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5948      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101197  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77369     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051421  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5933      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78227     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5945      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77315     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051477  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5935      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77307     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5952      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77618     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3692      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5947      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101180  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78131     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5929      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77423     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3665      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051295  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5949      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78473     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3694      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5951      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78004     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3684      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5938      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77733     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386595000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5936      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77334     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5955      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77257     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5943      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77384     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385900000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5922      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77195     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3685      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051575  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5946      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77485     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051659  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5958      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77425     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3680      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5943      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77232     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051603  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016877  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5943      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79131     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5943      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77288     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3679      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051491  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 479       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5942      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78006     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051421  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5930      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100891  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77615     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389625000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5935      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77941     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5964      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77477     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5942      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77463     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3680      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5925      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100806  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77265     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5938      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77254     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3690      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5954      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77733     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5954      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77515     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3683      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5938      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77596     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5951      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78084     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387930000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051407  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77603     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 493       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77468     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3690      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5950      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77306     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5956      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101333  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77471     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5959      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77628     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5926      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100823  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77443     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3692      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5955      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77627     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3698      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5955      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77413     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051659  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5962      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101435  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77546     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3683      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77438     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3683      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5949      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77580     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
