Sat May 13 11:13:34 AM EDT 2023
----
16230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3195      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5230      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3264      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3181      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5225      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3245      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
17175000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3158      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5214      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3451      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3165      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5207      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105631  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3255      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16190000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5222      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3253      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3160      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3290      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3188      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110003  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5240      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3259      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16210000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3178      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5258      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106666  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3257      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5211      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105712  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3272      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16230000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3162      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5211      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105712  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3263      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3202      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5267      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106848  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3267      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4641      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.160139  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021097  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6619      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.134275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3280      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3171      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109416  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017000  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5226      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3280      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3179      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109692  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5226      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3284      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
17740000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3177      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5247      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106442  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3563      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3166      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5238      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106260  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3282      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16295000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3173      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5240      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3182      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5253      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3272      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3175      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109554  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5236      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3295      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3177      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5247      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106442  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3287      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3173      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5241      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106321  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3297      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3176      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5245      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3283      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3187      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5255      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3279      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5239      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3304      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3175      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109554  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5233      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106158  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3286      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3171      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109416  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5267      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106848  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3276      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16310000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5226      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3279      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3187      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5241      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106321  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3271      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3160      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5234      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106179  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3275      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5228      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106057  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5246      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106422  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3281      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3167      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5227      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106037  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16230000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3189      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5263      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3262      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5239      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3281      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5250      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106503  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3278      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5239      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3266      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3184      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109865  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5243      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3263      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3181      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5237      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106240  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3287      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5219      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3182      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5251      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3265      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16300000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3206      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5285      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107213  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3277      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16275000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3167      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5226      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3271      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3185      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5282      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3280      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16330000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3175      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109554  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5235      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106199  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3283      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016837  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5241      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106321  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3177      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5237      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106240  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3296      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3198      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110348  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5263      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3272      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3187      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5236      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3291      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5223      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3329      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5224      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3268      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
