Sat May 13 11:13:06 AM EDT 2023
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3234      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113453  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018485  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5138      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103915  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5116      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5131      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110506  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5166      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1415000
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5130      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 299       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3136      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5171      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5108      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 312       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3107      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5124      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103632  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3153      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110612  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5171      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5120      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 288       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3108      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5142      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5145      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104057  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3098      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103329  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 312       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5137      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5116      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 313       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3113      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5135      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103854  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 311       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3111      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109138  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 285       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3109      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5142      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5141      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109594  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5126      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103672  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 285       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5172      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5121      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3099      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5116      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5136      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103025  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 313       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5108      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3096      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108612  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5128      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103713  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108787  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5121      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 297       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108121  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5092      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3092      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5120      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103025  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5121      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3112      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5146      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 285       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103490  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3099      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5121      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103511  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 312       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3112      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103369  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103106  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3092      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3107      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103531  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3113      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5174      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3113      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3099      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5107      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5169      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103045  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3100      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5101      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5129      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 309       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
