Sat May 13 11:13:06 AM EDT 2023
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017514  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5039      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5046      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5043      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5051      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5048      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5047      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5041      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5052      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5036      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5066      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102459  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 284       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5072      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5047      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3080      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5057      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102277  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5050      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102135  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5053      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102196  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3053      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5044      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108577  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5070      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102540  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5059      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5053      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102196  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5052      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5066      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102459  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3073      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5059      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5061      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102358  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3069      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016988  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5050      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102135  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3080      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5052      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5061      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102358  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3066      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5043      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5048      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3075      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5058      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102297  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 287       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3062      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5057      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102277  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5040      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5047      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102702  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5052      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 300       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5041      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3061      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5017      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5046      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 277       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3075      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5043      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3073      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5051      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3075      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5045      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102034  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
