Sat May 13 11:13:16 AM EDT 2023
----
2035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3399      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 423       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016708  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5483      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3323      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107739  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 466       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017074  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2025000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099974  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 420       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5464      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3330      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5505      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100853  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5473      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107642  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5476      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3321      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107319  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5469      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100194  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5486      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 419       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5477      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3352      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107416  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5471      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100230  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3332      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107674  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5503      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 419       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107642  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5475      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 434       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107642  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5480      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3352      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5484      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5488      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3348      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5483      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099992  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5464      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5470      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5453      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5466      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3366      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5581      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102246  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2020000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5532      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2025000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107642  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5460      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 419       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5523      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101183  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 419       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5455      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 432       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5445      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099754  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5476      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107771  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5477      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5467      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100157  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5491      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100597  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107642  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5504      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3329      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107577  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5470      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 421       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3351      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5473      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 421       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5482      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100432  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3359      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5499      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100743  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3333      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5470      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3337      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107836  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5463      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 429       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107287  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5462      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108062  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5470      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
