Sat May 13 11:13:16 AM EDT 2023
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5410      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 412       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106511  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3336      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5433      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5403      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5419      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 412       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5402      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098966  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106802  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 466       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017074  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 412       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106608  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5403      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5414      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099186  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5398      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5437      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106479  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 428       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5384      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107254  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5430      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5392      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106446  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5402      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098966  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5404      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099003  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3323      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5431      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099498  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5412      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099149  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099974  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5426      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099406  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5413      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 429       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3292      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5409      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106511  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5414      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099186  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107416  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5428      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099443  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5407      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099058  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5415      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5390      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098746  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016781  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5418      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2130000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5444      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 440       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2060000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099021  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 426       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5413      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5413      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106802  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106608  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5404      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099003  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3288      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 428       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106802  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
