Sat May 13 11:13:05 AM EDT 2023
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3235      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116955  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5296      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3132      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113232  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5184      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113882  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5231      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113340  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5200      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3176      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5232      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3140      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5206      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5193      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105373  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113557  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5215      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5204      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113702  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5217      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3166      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5242      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5227      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106063  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113557  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5207      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3163      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017004  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5225      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106022  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3148      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113810  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5193      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105373  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5210      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5203      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016841  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5217      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5183      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3136      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3115      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105291  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113738  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5217      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5186      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5186      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5193      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105373  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5206      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3118      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104804  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5186      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4323      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.156290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6217      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5183      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5183      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105210  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3172      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5222      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5196      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105210  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105129  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5208      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5210      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114605  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016882  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5215      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5195      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3115      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5186      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3166      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5235      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106225  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113340  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5210      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227896    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5172      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
