Sat May 13 11:16:09 AM EDT 2023
----
138220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4769      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113715  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 722       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019987  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7595      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105129  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27661     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4594      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7592      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27680     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4572      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7577      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4592      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7571      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28467     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
141035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4585      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109328  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7577      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28223     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4578      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109161  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7571      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28074     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4576      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7571      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28184     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
141410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4588      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7583      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28298     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4585      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109328  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7573      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28173     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136695000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4572      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7570      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27355     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4588      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7576      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4667      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7665      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27586     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4590      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7590      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105060  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28065     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
143695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4584      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7565      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28756     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138165000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4576      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7579      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27649     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4585      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109328  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7565      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28429     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4572      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7551      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104520  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28497     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4600      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7604      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105254  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27395     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4579      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7572      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28066     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4569      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7568      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27571     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
141385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4607      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109852  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7588      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28293     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4584      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7589      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27936     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
146175000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4582      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7592      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 29251     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4588      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7576      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28072     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4579      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7558      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27539     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4583      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109280  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7570      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27395     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4600      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7590      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105060  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27838     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4603      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7612      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27940     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
141350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4580      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7568      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28285     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140140000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4570      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7565      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28044     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4598      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109638  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016748  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7577      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27543     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4588      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016582  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7554      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28185     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4589      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7577      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27669     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4583      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109280  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7571      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27634     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4579      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7582      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104949  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28512     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
141175000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4656      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7632      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105641  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28251     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4590      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7585      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27105     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4587      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7586      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28492     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4591      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7586      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27734     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4681      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 579       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7681      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27675     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4578      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109161  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7577      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27178     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
146505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4586      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7575      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 29316     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4575      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7557      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27569     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4582      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7581      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104936  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28132     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4584      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7578      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27470     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4590      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7599      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27505     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4588      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7558      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27284     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
141915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4582      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7610      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105337  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28399     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4577      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 597       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016527  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7587      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105019  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27632     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4653      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 354280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7633      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27981     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
