Sat May 13 11:13:02 AM EDT 2023
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 477       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.019090  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018045  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 61        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 437       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 58        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 432       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017289  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 56        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 429       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 54        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 1         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 426       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 54        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 428       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017129  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 55        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 429       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 55        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 542       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021692  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020539  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 65        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 561       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022452  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 61        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 537       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021492  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 61        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 556       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022252  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 470       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 543       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 531       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020312  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 60        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 540       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021612  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020766  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 60        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 567       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022692  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 69        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 573       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 549       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021972  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021038  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 624       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.024973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 539       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 566       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 574       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022972  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022398  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 563       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022532  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021763  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 566       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021899  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 560       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021899  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 72        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 557       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 476       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021582  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 563       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022532  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021763  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 564       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 567       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022692  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 572       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 558       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 558       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 472       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 562       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022492  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 534       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020494  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 60        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 548       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 465       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 62        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 549       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021972  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 468       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021219  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 569       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022772  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 594       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.023773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023169  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 570       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022398  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 594       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.023773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023396  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 558       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 69        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 551       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 472       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 570       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 564       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 578       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.023132  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022579  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 576       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.023052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022398  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 547       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 468       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021219  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 547       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 465       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 531       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020312  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 59        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 559       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.022372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 60        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 547       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.021892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020947  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 602       μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.024093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
