Sat May 13 11:13:25 AM EDT 2023
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3439      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018601  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5502      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099174  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 952       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 465       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016763  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5482      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 990       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4660000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5500      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3353      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5488      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4700000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5481      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 955       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5497      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5491      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3330      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106549  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5476      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3352      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 949       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3350      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5495      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099048  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3355      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 956       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3356      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5532      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 949       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106997  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5488      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 952       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5472      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 952       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 468       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016871  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5494      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 949       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5479      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5509      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 954       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3327      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106453  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5469      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 949       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3323      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5484      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 949       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4740000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5481      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 964       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3365      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5482      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 953       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5481      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3363      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107605  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5509      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4655000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3350      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5495      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099048  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 945       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3351      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107221  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5517      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 952       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 953       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5514      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099390  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3336      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 465       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016763  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5479      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4660000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5510      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099318  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106997  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5489      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 954       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5481      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5480      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5473      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3361      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107541  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 465       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016763  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5520      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099498  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 946       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3355      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5501      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 952       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3353      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5502      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099174  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5471      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3336      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5483      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 949       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5476      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 950       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5486      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098886  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 944       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 243378    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 944       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
