Sat May 13 11:26:32 AM EDT 2023
----
405020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6454      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.071181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 992       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017541  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10242     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090552  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81021     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6294      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10238     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80900     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
414985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6276      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10233     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83012     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
409805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6267      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10301     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091073  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81975     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
414265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6263      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10214     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82867     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6284      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069307  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10235     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090490  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81497     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6286      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069329  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10258     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81095     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
432780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6271      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10230     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090446  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86571     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6270      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069152  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10217     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090331  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81452     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
414245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6292      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069395  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10279     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090879  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82864     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
408075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6280      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10217     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090331  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81630     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405585000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6285      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10234     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81132     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6278      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 871       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10211     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80892     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6268      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069130  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10219     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81060     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6279      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10223     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81441     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
411455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6281      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10224     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090393  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82307     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6280      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 888       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10178     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089986  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81366     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
409090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6277      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10219     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81833     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
417605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6274      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 870       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015383  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10212     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83535     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
411855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6281      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10249     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82387     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
414130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6293      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10245     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82841     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6277      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10238     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81411     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
419840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6266      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10205     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090225  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83983     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
408910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6275      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069207  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10221     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81797     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6290      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10264     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090746  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81180     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6280      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10221     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81458     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
414290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6276      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10222     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82873     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6283      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10225     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81423     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6263      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10201     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81304     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6277      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10234     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81218     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
408660000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6281      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10243     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090561  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81748     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
409565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6267      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10207     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81928     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
408660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6271      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10218     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81747     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
411290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6274      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10214     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82275     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405115000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6283      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10240     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81037     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6300      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069483  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10253     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81170     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
430630000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6280      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10259     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090702  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86142     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6263      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10311     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81464     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6268      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069130  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10209     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090260  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80866     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404695000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6272      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10207     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80954     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6284      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069307  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10259     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090702  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81465     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6271      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10220     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80701     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6271      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10213     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81006     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404170000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6270      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069152  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10220     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80848     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
415570000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6271      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 873       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10206     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83130     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
416725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6264      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10203     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83361     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6266      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10227     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81460     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404150000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6277      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10232     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80845     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6278      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10227     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81072     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6269      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069141  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 522300    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10219     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80621     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
