Sat May 13 11:13:12 AM EDT 2023
----
2655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117151  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5057      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109411  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2991      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4955      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3010      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4945      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106988  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4967      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4925      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4923      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106512  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3001      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4949      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107074  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2987      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112844  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106166  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4974      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 546       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2991      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4908      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2645000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 543       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3011      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113751  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4922      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106490  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 546       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112504  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4909      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4100      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.154892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5922      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128126  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 552       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2655000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2977      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4925      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 546       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4936      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4926      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106577  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3002      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4925      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2695000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2999      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4934      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 553       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4946      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2995      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4943      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 549       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2993      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4933      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3000      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017005  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4925      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 547       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3000      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4937      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106815  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 551       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2987      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112844  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4948      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107053  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 549       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2990      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4943      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 549       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2660000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2998      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113260  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4934      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4912      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2670000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2986      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112806  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4915      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106339  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 549       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2980      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112580  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4934      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4928      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106620  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 546       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2988      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112882  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4922      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106490  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4911      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106252  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3003      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4932      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106707  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2995      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4923      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106512  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112504  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4921      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2980      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112580  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4921      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2705000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2988      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112882  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4916      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106360  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 556       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2981      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112618  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4914      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 546       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2993      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4926      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106577  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3004      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4928      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106620  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2620000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4228      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.159727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020986  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6030      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 540       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111975  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4899      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 543       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4912      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2984      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112731  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4906      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 543       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2640000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018649  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4871      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 543       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105863  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2655000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2990      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4927      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3031      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114506  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4887      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 540       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2986      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112806  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 216504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105841  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
