Sat May 13 11:13:02 AM EDT 2023
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4503      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.180220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021038  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7706      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.174699  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4610      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.184503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026569  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7660      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.173656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4609      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.184463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026660  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7652      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.173475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4316      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.172736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026751  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5933      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.134504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2876      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017411  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4733      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2872      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4756      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107821  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2865      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4754      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2866      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4751      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107708  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2870      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4752      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2852      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4754      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2868      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4748      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2859      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4743      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107526  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2884      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4760      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4271      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170935  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 471       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021355  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6096      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138199  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2874      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4762      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2873      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4754      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2880      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4772      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2865      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4770      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2870      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4762      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2869      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4770      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2884      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4780      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2872      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4753      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2863      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4753      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2873      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4752      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2855      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4745      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2872      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4745      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2841      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4728      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107186  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2869      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4742      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107503  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4265      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170695  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 471       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021355  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6102      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2877      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115144  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4770      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2871      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4762      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2870      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4757      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107844  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2860      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114464  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4763      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2866      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4755      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2867      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4763      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2888      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4773      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2873      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4774      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108229  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2878      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4778      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2891      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4781      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108388  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2864      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4789      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2865      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4755      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2866      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4770      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2883      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4769      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108116  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2868      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4768      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108093  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2865      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4753      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2893      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4799      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2865      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4783      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2868      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4764      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108002  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2880      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017184  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4772      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2881      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 211212    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4774      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108229  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
