Sat May 13 11:13:06 AM EDT 2023
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3182      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5205      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105270  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104805  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5175      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5176      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 296       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5163      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109594  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5155      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 299       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5187      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104906  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5164      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104441  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3116      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104461  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5175      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3132      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5162      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104400  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109594  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5147      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104097  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3132      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5204      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 295       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3486      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 563       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022773  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109315  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1405000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3511      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 574       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5426      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 298       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3165      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5224      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105654  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 295       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3154      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5200      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 295       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3173      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5228      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3148      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110436  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5221      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3203      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5266      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 295       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3164      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5211      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105391  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 301       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3379      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 538       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021761  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6480      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131057  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2485000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 5265      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.184704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 705       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8595      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.173833  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 528       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3373      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118330  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5297      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107131  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3524      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123627  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022409  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5452      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.110266  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 298       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3154      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105129  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 300       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110121  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5177      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104704  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104461  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 295       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5174      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5169      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3140      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017069  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5169      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3154      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5195      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 299       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104724  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3144      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5175      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5188      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3158      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110787  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5195      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3136      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5188      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5184      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 296       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5159      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3157      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5172      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3118      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5161      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104380  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5154      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 234540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5159      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
