Sat May 13 11:13:59 AM EDT 2023
----
45655000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4146      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 697       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020124  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6445      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9147      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3965      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099924  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 570       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6437      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9167      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3959      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6441      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092986  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9131      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3978      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100252  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 565       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6463      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9128      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3970      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 577       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6440      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3957      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099722  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6434      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9133      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45570000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3958      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6439      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3976      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100201  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6458      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9161      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3964      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016342  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6437      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3954      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 563       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016255  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6442      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9170      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3956      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099697  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 564       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016284  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6423      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9131      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3953      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099621  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 555       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6445      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9150      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3954      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 563       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016255  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6436      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3957      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099722  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 567       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016371  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6435      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3958      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016342  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6437      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9151      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3958      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 561       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016197  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6437      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9143      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3955      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016428  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6415      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092611  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9111      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3970      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6457      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9112      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3966      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 563       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016255  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6449      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9104      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3954      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 560       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016169  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6449      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9198      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3951      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099571  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 572       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016515  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6443      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45550000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3959      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016342  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6431      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092842  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3956      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099697  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6439      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9137      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3965      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099924  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6449      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3960      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 564       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016284  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6435      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3960      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016428  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6425      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9135      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45195000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 5210      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131300  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 721       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7472      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107870  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9057      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3954      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016053  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6409      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9097      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3938      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6390      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9101      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3940      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6406      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9107      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3956      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099697  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 555       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6433      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45635000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3968      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100000  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 568       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016400  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6431      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092842  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9142      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3963      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6436      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3948      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099495  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6412      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9138      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3964      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6438      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9111      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3965      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099924  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 567       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016371  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6449      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9115      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3963      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6450      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093116  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9114      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3955      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016428  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6425      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9111      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3967      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099974  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016428  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6440      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9212      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3967      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099974  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016342  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6438      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3965      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099924  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6445      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9099      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3963      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 561       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016197  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6438      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9104      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3959      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 576       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016631  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6422      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092712  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45550000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3947      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016342  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6411      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3959      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 570       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6437      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9136      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3950      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099546  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 560       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016169  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6423      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9135      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3958      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016342  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6435      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9141      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3957      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099722  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6424      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092741  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9137      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3948      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099495  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6410      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092539  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9114      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3947      μs
load:bytes               : 39680     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 561       μs
validate:bytes           : 34634     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016197  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 69268     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 292266    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6419      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9107      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
