Sat May 13 11:13:02 AM EDT 2023
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2930      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117265  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4744      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107549  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2834      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4686      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2855      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4690      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2827      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4670      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2837      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4671      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2835      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4668      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105826  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2833      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113383  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4677      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2877      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115144  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4730      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2830      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4685      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2833      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113383  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4666      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105781  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2856      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4677      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2847      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113943  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4676      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2838      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2844      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4678      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106053  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2838      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4678      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106053  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2843      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4689      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2851      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2851      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4679      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2827      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2839      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4667      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2852      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017320  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4666      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105781  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2864      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4692      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106370  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2843      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4689      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2845      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4680      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2846      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4675      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2834      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4677      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2834      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4676      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2841      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4662      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105690  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2824      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113023  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4695      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106438  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2833      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113383  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4672      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2843      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4669      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2845      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4686      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2848      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4705      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2843      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4688      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2842      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4679      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2830      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4720      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2836      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4674      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2850      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2828      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4673      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105939  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2856      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4679      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2832      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2829      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4673      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105939  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2846      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2837      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4669      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2837      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4688      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2829      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4687      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106257  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2847      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113943  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4685      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2836      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4676      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2821      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4669      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2855      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4677      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
