Sat May 13 11:13:24 AM EDT 2023
----
7150000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5350      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.171183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 711       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025631  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8801      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.158639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1455      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7070000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5308      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 733       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8695      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1437      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7090000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169935  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 730       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026316  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8698      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156782  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1442      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7110000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5302      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 733       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8703      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1445      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7165000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5301      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169615  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 740       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026677  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8692      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1455      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7115000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5313      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 752       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027109  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8675      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1445      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7165000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170895  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8775      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.158170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1458      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7080000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5308      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8701      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1439      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7140000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5301      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169615  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 729       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026280  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8710      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1450      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7140000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5310      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 732       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8690      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156638  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1451      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7150000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5302      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 730       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026316  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8683      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156512  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1453      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7250000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5299      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 727       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026208  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8699      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1473      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7120000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5305      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 735       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026496  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8699      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1446      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7145000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169935  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026460  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8692      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1452      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7135000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5294      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026460  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8686      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156566  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1450      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7105000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5287      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 732       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8651      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.155935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1443      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7140000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5288      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169199  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 733       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8669      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156260  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1452      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7135000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5314      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170031  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026460  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8685      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156548  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1450      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7080000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5298      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 733       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8691      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1440      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7145000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5308      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 743       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8679      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1452      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7095000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5320      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8710      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1442      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7075000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5297      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 729       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026280  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8693      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156692  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1438      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7195000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5289      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8672      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1462      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7130000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5297      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 732       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8684      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1448      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7125000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5307      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169807  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 730       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026316  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8680      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1448      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7090000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5288      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169199  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 725       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8685      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156548  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1441      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5299      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 732       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8694      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1441      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7100000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5297      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 735       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026496  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8672      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1443      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7455000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5332      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170607  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8714      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7115000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5306      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 741       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026713  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8704      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156891  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1445      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7090000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5291      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169295  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 733       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8665      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1441      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7100000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169935  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 748       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026965  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8661      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156115  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1442      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7100000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5315      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 735       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026496  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8682      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1443      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7115000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5303      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 726       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026172  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8698      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156782  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1446      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7100000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5302      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8694      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1443      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7140000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5322      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170287  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026460  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8705      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1451      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7140000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5302      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 729       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026280  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8711      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157017  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1451      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7195000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5309      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169871  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 733       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8710      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1462      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7175000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5298      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8678      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156422  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1458      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4681      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.149777  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 737       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026569  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6462      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 905       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3329      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106517  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5452      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098273  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 909       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5437      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098002  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 909       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 905       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 906       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5430      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097876  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5442      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098092  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5442      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098092  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016727  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016727  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5459      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098399  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5456      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 910       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
