Sat May 13 11:13:05 AM EDT 2023
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3162      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018546  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5081      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5087      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103222  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5187      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5107      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5040      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102268  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016760  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5102      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103526  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3062      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5035      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3066      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5076      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016923  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102775  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5047      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5056      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102593  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3075      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5081      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5038      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102227  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3080      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102938  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111135  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5091      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3061      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5049      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5074      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3057      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5057      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102613  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111135  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5076      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3062      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5051      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5046      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102390  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5051      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5069      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102857  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4381      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.158387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6270      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5079      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103059  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5035      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3041      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5050      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3069      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110954  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3058      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101842  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110339  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5060      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3054      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101842  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3048      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110195  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5022      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111135  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102816  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5069      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102857  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110339  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3053      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5030      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3062      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5084      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103161  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5047      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110339  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5024      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5045      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102370  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 109       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3049      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102572  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 93        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3433      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020778  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5352      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3077      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5123      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103445  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5090      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103283  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
