Sat May 13 11:13:02 AM EDT 2023
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2989      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119626  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 473       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021446  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4653      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2810      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4656      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105554  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2806      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4613      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2808      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4641      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4639      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2802      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4630      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2796      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4623      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104806  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2827      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4652      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2807      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112342  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4651      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2792      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111742  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4621      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2810      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4615      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2804      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4632      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2795      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4611      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2793      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4608      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104466  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2786      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4630      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2799      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112022  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4622      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2793      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4616      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2807      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112342  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4621      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2795      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4612      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2791      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111702  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4623      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104806  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2824      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113023  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4647      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2797      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4632      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2806      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4632      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2803      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4630      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2792      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111742  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4634      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105055  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2826      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4644      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2813      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017138  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4636      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2793      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4646      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2807      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112342  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4626      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2794      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4619      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2812      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4639      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2805      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4628      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104919  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2793      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4616      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2806      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4627      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2796      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4613      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2796      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4627      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2819      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4644      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4068      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.162811  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5746      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2817      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4638      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2777      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4598      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2795      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4601      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3110      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4844      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109816  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2817      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4646      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4639      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2823      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4650      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2791      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111702  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4622      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2798      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111982  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4665      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2805      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4633      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2862      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114544  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4691      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2817      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4637      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
