Sat May 13 11:23:33 AM EDT 2023
----
9820235000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 715       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.010007  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 548       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018647  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1964118   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9641620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 635       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1928387   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9824840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 642       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1965031   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9854360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 627       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1970934   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9904680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 627       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1980999   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9915555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 628       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1983174   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9806840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 479       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1961432   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9831995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 629       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1966463   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9762180000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 627       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1952498   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9887465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 636       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1977555   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9857020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 628       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1971466   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10006125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 629       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001290   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9821340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 628       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1964330   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9912315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 625       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1982527   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9840860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1968234   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9935945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 635       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1987251   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9831260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1966317   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9786895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 633       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1957442   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9854920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 628       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1971047   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9851910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 631       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1970446   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9847845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1969633   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9853945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 631       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1970851   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9782415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 632       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1956547   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9839615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 631       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1967987   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9768590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 629       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1953786   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9877430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1975549   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9830515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1966166   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9806630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 627       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1961388   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9841800000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1968423   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9824985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1965058   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9927290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 629       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1985524   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9888005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1977665   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9823830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1964828   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9780290000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 637       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008915  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1956120   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9989980000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 629       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1998060   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9920515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 635       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1984166   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9840110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 633       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1968085   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9841570000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1968379   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9859580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 633       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1971980   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9942465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1988557   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9901055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 806       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.011280  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 614       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020892  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1980309   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9832075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 629       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1966480   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9818810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 632       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1963826   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9703260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 1259      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.017620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 990       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1940763   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9838720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 626       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1967806   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9871915000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 635       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1974447   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9645855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1929233   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9849105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 624       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008733  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1969885   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9973665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 479       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1994797   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9820075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34239     bytes
load:time_us             : 630       μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1964079   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
