Sat May 13 11:13:25 AM EDT 2023
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3453      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 545       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019647  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5443      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098110  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5366      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096723  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 893       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3321      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5385      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106997  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5425      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097786  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 909       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5413      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097570  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106389  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106069  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5384      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106133  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5379      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 909       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5394      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097227  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3361      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107541  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5439      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098038  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5374      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5374      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3337      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 476       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5382      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106421  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5398      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3332      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106613  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5407      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097462  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3350      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5434      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 910       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5390      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5408      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097480  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106133  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5382      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5391      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106133  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5398      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106133  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016619  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5409      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097498  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 906       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3346      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107061  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5414      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105909  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5379      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5389      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5378      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096939  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5391      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5383      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 893       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5427      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097822  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105909  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5383      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016258  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5369      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 916       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5369      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3534      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113077  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021197  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5487      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3388      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 546       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5334      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 893       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016547  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106069  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5388      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 901       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5380      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 923       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5379      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5372      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3333      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5418      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5373      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3318      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 466       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016799  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 236578    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5398      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
