Sat May 13 11:13:04 AM EDT 2023
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3259      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018743  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5252      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5184      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5241      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106312  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5177      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113300  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5203      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105541  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112940  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5179      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5240      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113012  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016795  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3152      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113336  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5193      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105338  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105521  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5207      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5183      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105136  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5211      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105704  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3153      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5195      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105379  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5204      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105318  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5187      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113120  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105521  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5179      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5217      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113120  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105318  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105115  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113012  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5199      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112940  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112257  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5191      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016917  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105034  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113012  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5179      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5159      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5171      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104892  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5166      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104791  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5184      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5156      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112257  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5208      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113012  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5187      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
800000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112221  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5168      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3144      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113048  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017120  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3118      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3136      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5187      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5166      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104791  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112329  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227992    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5174      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 175       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
