Sat May 13 11:13:10 AM EDT 2023
----
1325000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5152      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 676       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8532      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.160219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5241      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.173027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 700       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026290  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8609      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5182      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.171079  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 706       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026515  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8492      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.159468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 288       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3479      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114856  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 564       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021182  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5423      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5280      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3229      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106602  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5280      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3221      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5302      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3221      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5296      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3241      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016750  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5307      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016863  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3237      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106866  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5315      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099808  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3240      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5314      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099789  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107065  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016825  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5313      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107065  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5309      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3235      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5309      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3233      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016750  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5308      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3235      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5307      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 178       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3240      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016750  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5297      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3217      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5287      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3220      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106305  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5294      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3234      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5302      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3222      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5294      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3222      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5277      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3247      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017276  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3242      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107032  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5307      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3218      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106239  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5297      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3241      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5332      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3229      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106602  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5287      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3216      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5281      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3239      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016750  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5314      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099789  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3241      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5295      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099432  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3217      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5277      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3234      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5309      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3215      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106140  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5276      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099076  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3229      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106602  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5283      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3233      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5296      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5287      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3217      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5293      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5292      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3232      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016938  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5281      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3234      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5299      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3219      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106272  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5284      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3221      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5301      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5288      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099301  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3214      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5286      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3221      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5278      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3236      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106833  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5306      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016825  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 227374    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
