Sat May 13 11:13:04 AM EDT 2023
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3201      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115726  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017288  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5231      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5214      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105799  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017125  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5153      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104561  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5147      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3096      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111930  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5123      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 109       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5134      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104175  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3108      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5129      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104074  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105291  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3104      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5121      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3094      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5108      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103648  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3111      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5132      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104135  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5130      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3092      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111785  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5099      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103465  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3107      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112328  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5130      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3096      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111930  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016963  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112111  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 93        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3110      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112436  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5147      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112111  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5115      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103790  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112255  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105109  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112255  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5135      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104196  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3087      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111605  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3098      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112002  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103587  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111966  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111496  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5110      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3109      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5175      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105109  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4331      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.156579  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021062  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6230      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126415  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111641  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5086      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103201  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3828      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.138394  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5149      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104480  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3111      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5133      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3112      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016760  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5164      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5154      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5148      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5163      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104764  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5149      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104480  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5155      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3118      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5162      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104744  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3112      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5148      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5154      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3111      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5147      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016841  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105109  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5159      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104683  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3156      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114099  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5164      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3144      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5191      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105332  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
