Sat May 13 11:17:06 AM EDT 2023
----
131665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6173      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068398  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 891       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015811  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9947      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26350     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132720000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6073      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9884      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26559     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6091      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015420  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9879      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26535     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6078      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9864      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26469     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6072      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015385  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9848      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26431     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6072      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9861      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26407     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6072      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9862      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26364     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6069      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9852      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26424     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6094      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9878      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27485     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6078      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015172  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9872      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26578     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6074      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9877      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26371     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6085      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9875      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27428     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132170000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6067      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9847      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26448     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6068      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067235  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9857      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26408     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6080      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9866      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087537  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26705     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6097      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015385  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9893      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26453     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6079      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9884      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26432     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6096      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9936      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088158  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26431     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6082      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067390  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9885      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26519     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6081      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9885      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26718     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133700000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6079      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015385  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9890      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26756     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133925000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6069      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9870      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087572  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26802     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132120000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6077      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9883      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26440     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6088      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067457  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9890      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26590     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132150000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6071      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9873      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26444     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6089      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9910      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087927  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26461     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131930000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6064      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9864      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26401     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6086      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067434  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 875       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015527  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9871      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26430     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6083      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9897      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087812  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26442     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132210000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6094      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9905      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26456     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6070      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067257  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9873      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26529     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6071      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9874      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26543     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134365000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6087      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9893      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26889     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6081      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9879      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26499     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132115000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6092      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067501  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9894      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26437     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6066      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067213  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9873      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26485     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131835000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6083      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9902      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087856  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26382     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6080      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9893      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26660     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6094      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 874       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9900      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26476     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6074      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9902      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087856  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26348     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6073      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9858      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087466  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26608     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6070      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067257  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9899      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087830  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26370     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6079      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9873      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26505     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6074      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9885      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26427     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131850000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6082      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067390  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9891      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26386     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6077      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9888      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6087      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9883      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26529     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067601  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9916      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26483     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6081      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9880      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26568     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6094      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 504246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9905      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26468     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
