Sat May 13 11:23:28 AM EDT 2023
----
438165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3938      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055116  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6126      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87652     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052638  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6092      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437170000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052582  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6087      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87449     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6079      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87550     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437905000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6081      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87597     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438515000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 481       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6065      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87718     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3791      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053058  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6150      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87537     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3893      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 624       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6035      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87550     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437290000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052638  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6076      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87473     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3781      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6111      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103971  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87421     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6097      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87518     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3794      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053100  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6115      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87677     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6079      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87904     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 477       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6086      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87633     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438900000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6078      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87796     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
441435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 480       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6094      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88303     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437705000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3759      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6089      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87556     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6077      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103392  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87693     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437160000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6086      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87447     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
441460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6081      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88308     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 478       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6083      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87579     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3759      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6080      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103443  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87484     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437800000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3790      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053044  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6121      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87576     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3771      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6094      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87774     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6078      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87441     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
441545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6079      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88325     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3794      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053100  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6126      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87524     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
442285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6080      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103443  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88473     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6081      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87616     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052582  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6081      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87972     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438300000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6078      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87676     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3774      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6099      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87970     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
444610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052638  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6083      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88936     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3816      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053408  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6136      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104396  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87492     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3787      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053002  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 482       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6116      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87625     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437870000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 493       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6072      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87589     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052582  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 493       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6071      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87846     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6085      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87864     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6071      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87717     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6082      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103477  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87589     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438020000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3759      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6088      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87621     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6097      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87479     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
441685000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6089      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88352     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3766      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052708  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 479       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6106      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87937     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3780      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6104      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87531     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6083      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87681     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
436880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3763      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6094      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87392     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3752      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6089      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87699     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6092      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87488     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
438070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3780      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274072    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6101      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87628     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
