Sat May 13 11:16:06 AM EDT 2023
----
139225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4680      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 712       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019710  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7550      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104506  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27862     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135190000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4544      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7509      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103939  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27054     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4532      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108064  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7483      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27274     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4506      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7460      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27437     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4517      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107706  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7444      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27252     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4505      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7440      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27789     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7477      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27909     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4519      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7455      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27230     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4513      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7462      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26531     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137935000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4508      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107492  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7450      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27604     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4501      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7434      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27699     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4507      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7452      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103150  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27749     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4504      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7461      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26893     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4504      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7459      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103247  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27197     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134120000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4513      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7458      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26840     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4529      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7476      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103482  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27720     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4518      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7466      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26734     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4515      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016610  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7452      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103150  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27047     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138595000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4506      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7450      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27734     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4508      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107492  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7448      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26970     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4504      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7447      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27472     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134170000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4505      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7458      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26850     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4506      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 584       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016167  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7442      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4519      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7464      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26909     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136635000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4524      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7475      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27343     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4577      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 643       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7464      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27878     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134685000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4529      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7481      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26954     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7465      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27469     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4509      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7453      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26874     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4520      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7461      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27186     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4516      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7446      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27274     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4512      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7457      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27031     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4523      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7485      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26767     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4511      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7461      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27438     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137280000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4522      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107825  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7464      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27471     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134900000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4523      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7478      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26996     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4521      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7465      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27816     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4521      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7464      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27520     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4521      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7460      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27416     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4528      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7480      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103538  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27466     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4522      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107825  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7463      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26736     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4503      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7446      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27916     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7465      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27437     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7447      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26878     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4517      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107706  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7470      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103399  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27624     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4509      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7445      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103053  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27987     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137160000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4523      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7460      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27449     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4507      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7434      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27490     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4513      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7485      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27340     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4504      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7455      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27593     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
