Sat May 13 11:23:19 AM EDT 2023
----
391375000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5824      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017660  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9876      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.168027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78294     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3783      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6106      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78544     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3795      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6117      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104073  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78281     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6054      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77809     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3793      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6109      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103936  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78579     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3763      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6078      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78138     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6054      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78213     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052638  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6069      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78806     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3754      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6069      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77965     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016911  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6059      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103086  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78045     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6054      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77969     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6060      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103103  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78182     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3742      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6048      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78182     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3787      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053002  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6086      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77955     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391175000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 494       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016809  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6046      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102865  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78250     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3777      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6095      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78106     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390145000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3752      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016877  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6056      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103035  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78045     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6117      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104073  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78511     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3764      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052680  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6087      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78371     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6049      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102916  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77962     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3743      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 493       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6046      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102865  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77844     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6063      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103154  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78461     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6048      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78036     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6064      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103171  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78000     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6053      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78086     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6041      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102780  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78425     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016877  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6055      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103018  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78235     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3754      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016911  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6048      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77888     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3745      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6065      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78359     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052582  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6066      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77965     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3742      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6036      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102694  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77975     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6065      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78082     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389675000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6080      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103443  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77951     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6051      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102950  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77982     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 488       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6050      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77875     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3745      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 490       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6068      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78053     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3747      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052443  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6048      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77921     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3744      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 484       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6053      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78349     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3759      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6075      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103358  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78336     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016877  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6047      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78815     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6071      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78161     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3741      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6053      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77893     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3766      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052708  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 493       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6086      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78073     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6053      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77857     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016877  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6048      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78301     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052582  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 486       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6066      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77897     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6063      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103154  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78486     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3744      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 487       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016571  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6040      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102763  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77985     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016877  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6067      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103222  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78245     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 71449     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 29388     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58776     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 266560    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6057      μs
spc:functions            : 120       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103052  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78336     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
