Sat May 13 11:13:19 AM EDT 2023
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3514      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 614       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3330      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107924  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100548  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100070  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016727  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5462      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 719       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100604  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5453      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5447      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5430      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106854  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5433      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 720       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5448      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5470      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107956  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5462      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5455      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5444      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100291  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3525000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5482      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 719       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3318      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5463      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100641  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3313      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5505      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3318      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5460      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100585  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 727       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016727  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100420  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5442      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100254  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 739       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106951  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5430      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 723       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107794  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100548  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016837  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016727  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100548  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107340  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5444      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100291  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107178  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5472      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100806  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016764  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100383  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5467      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 737       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3327      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 742       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107340  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5437      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 723       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5448      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5456      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100512  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5443      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5506      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5447      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107081  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 736       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5436      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 729       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3329      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5448      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 718       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5510      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101506  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 723       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3331      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107956  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5464      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100659  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5433      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 727       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 240828    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
