Sat May 13 11:13:03 AM EDT 2023
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3259      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 537       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103411  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5037      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102174  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5043      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4463      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.160476  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6332      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128443  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3089      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5070      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5068      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3066      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102539  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5143      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3094      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5057      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5097      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103391  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3077      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110639  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5070      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110531  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5049      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102417  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3094      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5080      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102701  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110280  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5080      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110136  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5032      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102073  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3062      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110100  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5020      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101829  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3078      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110675  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5037      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102174  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5059      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102620  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112221  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102701  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016998  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5040      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102235  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5075      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5087      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110819  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016876  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5044      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112329  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5086      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5146      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104385  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3076      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110603  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5056      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102559  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5033      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102093  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5044      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5066      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 176       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5045      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102336  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5030      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5060      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102641  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 173       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4246      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.152673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 534       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6061      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122946  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5061      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110136  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5069      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102823  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 172       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110280  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5036      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102154  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5051      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3268      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 533       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5101      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110531  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5054      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3053      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109776  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5034      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
