Sat May 13 11:13:34 AM EDT 2023
----
16135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3192      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110141  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017649  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5207      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105631  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3245      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5151      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3256      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3158      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5183      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3266      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16275000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5162      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3271      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3259      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017000  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5169      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3281      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3275      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5188      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105246  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3265      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017000  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5168      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3282      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5175      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104982  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3267      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5157      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3265      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3269      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3138      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108139  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3284      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5186      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3283      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5183      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3290      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16730000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3361      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16290000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3155      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5201      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105509  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3275      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3267      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16365000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108726  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5184      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3140      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3272      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5177      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105022  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3279      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5163      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3285      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3155      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108691  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3275      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3144      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5175      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104982  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3275      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108691  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017324  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5184      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3305      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107794  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5164      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3144      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5191      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3263      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3138      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3275      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3140      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5163      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3259      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3278      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3286      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5167      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3274      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5167      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3253      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5196      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3273      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5160      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3291      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3265      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017040  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5156      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3263      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108726  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5220      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3266      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16275000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5178      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3271      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16310000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016837  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5218      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105854  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3278      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5166      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104799  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3285      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5161      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3248      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3138      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5169      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3273      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16270000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5171      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3271      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16260000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3132      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5197      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3268      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 3156      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105266  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3339      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
