Sat May 13 11:29:04 AM EDT 2023
----
394990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6455      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 925       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015569  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10501     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79016     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6484      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068475  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 908       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015283  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10569     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78635     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6443      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068042  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 916       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10501     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78046     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6426      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10470     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088114  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77954     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6426      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10470     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088114  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78191     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6455      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 916       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10505     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78947     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6426      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 911       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10465     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088072  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78924     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6449      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 907       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015266  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10482     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088215  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78053     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403725000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6427      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 907       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015266  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10475     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088157  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80760     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394915000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6428      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 903       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10641     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089554  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78998     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6518      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 908       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015283  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10576     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79230     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6469      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 910       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015317  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10512     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78385     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6451      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068126  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 913       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10501     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78584     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6422      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 918       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10449     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087938  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79395     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6427      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10463     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79701     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
700085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6440      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068010  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 913       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015367  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10479     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 140031    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
409415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6414      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 910       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015317  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10467     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088089  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81898     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6441      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10470     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088114  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78215     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6426      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 910       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015317  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10608     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089276  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78621     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6428      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 916       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10493     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78133     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6437      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10460     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79254     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6430      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10469     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088106  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79258     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6423      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10445     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79115     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6429      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 902       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015182  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10508     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78929     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
