Sat May 13 11:26:28 AM EDT 2023
----
408045000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6218      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068579  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 932       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016480  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9943      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81626     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6125      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9986      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87537     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6117      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9933      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79274     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6107      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067354  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9930      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79964     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6108      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9918      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79407     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9919      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79485     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9928      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81154     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
402690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6113      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067421  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9919      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80554     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
417030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6122      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 870       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015383  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9947      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83421     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6109      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9921      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80687     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399880000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6116      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9926      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79992     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6109      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9917      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
402545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6115      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067443  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9948      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80524     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6112      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9925      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79961     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6125      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9946      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81036     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9913      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79407     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396115000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6097      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9931      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79238     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6116      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9957      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80207     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
401305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6108      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9939      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80277     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6109      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9950      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80011     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398910000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6112      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9922      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087723  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79797     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9925      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79614     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6102      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067299  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9907      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79090     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6092      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9916      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79481     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6112      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9917      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80785     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
402435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9945      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80502     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9940      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80708     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9907      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80004     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398920000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6110      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9937      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087855  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79800     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6115      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067443  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9944      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80112     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6108      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9925      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81238     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
457685000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9936      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91551     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6099      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9921      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78972     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
402890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6110      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9927      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80594     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6114      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067432  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9932      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81330     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6109      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067376  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9947      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80794     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399905000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6119      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9940      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79996     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9900      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80708     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6100      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9900      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80023     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9904      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087563  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79410     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6123      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067531  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9939      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81115     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6113      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067421  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9924      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79870     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6116      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9946      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79626     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6107      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067354  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9903      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79761     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
401325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9917      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80280     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
401290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6090      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9897      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80274     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6111      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9928      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81020     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6107      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067354  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9927      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84028     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6131      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10005     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79566     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 6106      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9944      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80137     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
