Sat May 13 11:16:08 AM EDT 2023
----
135080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4649      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110854  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 723       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020015  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7387      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27034     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7402      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28422     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4473      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7385      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27194     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4477      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7400      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27375     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7398      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26874     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4475      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7416      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27553     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4471      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106609  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7411      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27728     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4470      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7376      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26515     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4470      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7381      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28020     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135835000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4459      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106323  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7356      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101821  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27185     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4461      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7364      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101932  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27237     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4473      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7368      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27613     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4487      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106991  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7396      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26952     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4477      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7395      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27121     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4468      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7376      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27311     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138585000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7377      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27734     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7393      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102333  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26730     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7386      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27503     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4467      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7379      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27609     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4478      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106776  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7397      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26721     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4483      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106895  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7414      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27439     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4468      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7373      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26947     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4471      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106609  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7380      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27578     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4471      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106609  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7395      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26897     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4468      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7386      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26711     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4461      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7359      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101863  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27226     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4466      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7388      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27107     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4462      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106395  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7389      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27379     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4480      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7394      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27894     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133630000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7380      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26742     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7375      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27336     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134215000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4477      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 584       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016167  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7425      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26860     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4471      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106609  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7376      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27494     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7383      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102195  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27248     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4470      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7373      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27135     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4466      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7404      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27378     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7392      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102319  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27317     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4461      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7363      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101918  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27020     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 597       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016527  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7362      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27307     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4470      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7371      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27114     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135980000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4475      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016693  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7357      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27211     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138265000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4467      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7358      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27669     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4484      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7386      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27566     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4461      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7357      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27257     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137345000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4461      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 584       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016167  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7361      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27486     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4447      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7349      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101724  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27613     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7376      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27809     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4456      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106252  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7357      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27279     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4480      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7379      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27475     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7381      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27326     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
