Sat May 13 11:08:29 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 444       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.007101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 300       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11726648  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 330       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 195       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11826438  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 333       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 203       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016743  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11825168  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 326       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005213  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 195       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11884196  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 325       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 199       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11972382  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 323       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 195       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11575939  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 324       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 196       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016166  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 12072272  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 446       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.007133  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11342670  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 530       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008476  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 320       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026393  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11349842  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 525       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.008396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11676382  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 333       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 201       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016578  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11873930  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 325       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 193       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11973808  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 332       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 193       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 12160574  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 325       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 196       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016166  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 12142525  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 327       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 197       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11500768  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 325       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 197       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11989857  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 325       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 197       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 12108843  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 328       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 196       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016166  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11834176  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35527     bytes
load:time_us             : 329       μs
load:bytes               : 62524     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 195       μs
validate:bytes           : 12124     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 0         bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 0         μs
spc:functions            : 0         functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.000000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 12129139  μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
