Sat May 13 09:32:52 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3003      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.142059  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5288      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.132924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1562      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3581      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1559      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3502      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 561       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028203  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5558      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.139711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1551      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3488      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165003  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5515      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1552      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3475      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138152  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1542      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3484      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5516      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1548      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3481      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 561       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028203  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5519      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1542      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3483      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5514      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1542      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3475      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5520      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1552      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3483      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 555       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5495      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1557      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3477      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164482  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 553       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5491      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1553      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3476      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5549      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.139485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3583      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 574       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5671      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1592      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3582      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5682      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142828  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1593      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3596      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5699      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.143255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1604      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3585      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169591  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5691      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.143054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1592      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3578      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169260  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 571       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028706  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5676      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1601      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3604      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 571       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028706  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5693      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.143104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1605      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3583      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 570       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028656  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5660      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1596      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3594      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170017  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 571       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028706  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5669      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1593      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3597      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 571       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028706  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5691      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.143054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1594      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3601      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170348  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 575       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028907  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5687      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1593      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3605      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170537  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029812  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5678      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142727  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1595      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3589      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169780  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 569       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5675      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1616      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3587      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 570       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028656  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5661      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3584      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169544  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 571       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028706  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5682      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142828  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1590      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3587      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 573       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5693      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.143104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1597      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3589      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169780  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 573       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5688      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142979  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1596      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2757      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 729       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.036649  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3502      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1042      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2084      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 329       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016540  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3307      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083128  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 964       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2110      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3321      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 935       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2098      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099247  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016892  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3314      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 935       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2096      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3316      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 946       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2091      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098916  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016841  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3310      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083203  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 934       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2107      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016841  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3327      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3201      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.151426  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4511      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113392  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 993       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2070      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097923  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 321       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3241      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 916       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.146932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4729      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1008      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2096      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3312      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083253  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 955       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2107      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016791  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3319      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083429  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 955       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2122      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100383  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3352      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 945       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2140      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101234  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3360      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 939       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3179      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.150385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021617  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4749      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1020      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2104      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099531  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3324      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 976       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2112      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016791  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3346      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2124      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100477  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3350      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 945       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2127      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3359      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084435  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 957       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2125      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3367      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2130      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3375      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 954       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2146      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101518  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3385      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 954       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
