Sat May 13 09:32:40 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 3620      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.176258  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 548       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4812      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124701  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 514       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2126      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017000  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3385      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087721  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 482       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2139      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104148  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3388      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087799  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 500       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 3411      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.166082  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4756      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 530       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2149      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3394      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 493       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2372      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3531      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2142      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017466  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3423      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2142      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017466  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3402      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 486       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2153      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3425      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 486       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2156      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017259  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3452      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 490       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2152      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017259  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3411      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 494       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2149      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3411      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2133      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103856  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3418      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 491       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2161      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 330       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3427      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088809  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 487       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2156      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017259  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3418      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 485       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2153      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017518  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3416      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 491       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2151      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3444      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 494       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2149      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3429      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088861  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2170      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3446      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 485       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2158      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105073  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3421      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088654  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 489       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2164      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3415      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 490       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2151      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3426      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 484       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2140      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3417      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088550  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2161      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017259  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3424      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2160      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105170  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017518  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3433      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088965  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 497       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2163      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 349       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3412      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2147      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104537  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017570  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3431      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 490       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2143      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3420      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2166      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3437      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089069  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 485       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2161      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017259  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3427      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088809  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 489       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2161      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017207  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3423      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2148      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104586  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017259  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3439      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 487       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2148      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104586  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3420      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 494       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2168      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3445      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089276  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 489       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2171      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105706  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3448      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2163      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3431      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 486       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2160      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105170  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017725  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3436      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2142      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3427      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088809  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2144      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3422      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088680  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 488       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2159      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017518  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3443      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 491       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2168      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3440      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 487       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2159      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017570  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3444      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2157      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017570  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3430      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088887  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 490       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2151      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017570  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3445      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089276  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 599       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2159      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017466  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3417      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088550  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 485       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2149      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3407      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088291  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 487       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2151      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3419      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 502       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2153      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3422      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088680  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2144      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017311  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3434      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 491       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2151      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 149296    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3426      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 487       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
