Sat May 13 09:32:51 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2120      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017394  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3319      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083429  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 930       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2080      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3280      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082449  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098964  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3286      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082600  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3297      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082876  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 942       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2070      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097923  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3265      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082072  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 938       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2087      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3296      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 934       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2090      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3291      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 924       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2075      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3276      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 927       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2075      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3278      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082399  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 925       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2075      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3258      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 920       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016942  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3278      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082399  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 937       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2072      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098017  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3282      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 935       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2085      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098632  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3276      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 925       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2096      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3286      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082600  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 925       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2080      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3268      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082147  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 935       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2085      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098632  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3274      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 934       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2071      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3286      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082600  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 923       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2083      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3269      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 925       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2107      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 354       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3276      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 929       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2074      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3289      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2080      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3274      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 929       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2088      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098774  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3273      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082273  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 922       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2082      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3271      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2078      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3269      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 926       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2090      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 933       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2111      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017243  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3309      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083178  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 936       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098964  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3274      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 941       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2081      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098443  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3277      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082373  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 931       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2079      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3282      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 923       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2091      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098916  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 347       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017445  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3281      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 926       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2069      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3274      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 926       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2066      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3261      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081971  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2091      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098916  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3293      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3282      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 942       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2073      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098065  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3267      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 932       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2084      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016942  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3271      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 921       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2084      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3271      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 923       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2067      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3262      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 940       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2271      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022824  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3355      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084334  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1011      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2882      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 561       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028203  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3790      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095269  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 977       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2063      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3239      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 942       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2055      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097213  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016791  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3244      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081544  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 921       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2059      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016892  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3229      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 914       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2057      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3225      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081066  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 926       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2053      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016942  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3239      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 927       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2053      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3259      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 927       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2062      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097544  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3238      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081393  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 923       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2072      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098017  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016892  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3244      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081544  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 926       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2060      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3257      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2059      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3249      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
