Sat May 13 09:32:37 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2032      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 349       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019608  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3076      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1932      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3017      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1997      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104878  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020676  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3018      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2107      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021575  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3118      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1917      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3025      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1926      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101150  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3034      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1932      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3041      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1922      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100940  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3033      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1934      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101570  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3040      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 93        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1927      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3034      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1937      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3049      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1980      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019777  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3023      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2795      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.146788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4410      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1923      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3041      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1934      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101570  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3054      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1944      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3072      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086301  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1941      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101937  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3061      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085992  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1943      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102042  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3064      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1942      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3062      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086020  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1941      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101937  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3056      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1945      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3069      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1944      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3087      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086723  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1951      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3084      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086638  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1944      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3065      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1954      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3087      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086723  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1951      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017923  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3060      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1946      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3080      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086526  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1947      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017810  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3066      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086133  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1947      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 318       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3069      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1943      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102042  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017810  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3080      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086526  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1954      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3084      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086638  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1952      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3067      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086161  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1946      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3076      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1953      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3068      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1941      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101937  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3068      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1944      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3058      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1944      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017923  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3072      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086301  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1935      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101622  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3046      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1941      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101937  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3061      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085992  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1946      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3058      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1940      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3058      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1942      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3060      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1946      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3065      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1946      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3058      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2180      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3163      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088858  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1918      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3011      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1916      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3014      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084672  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1914      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3008      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084503  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1928      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101255  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3023      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1918      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133946    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3008      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084503  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
