Sat May 13 09:32:37 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2158      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113334  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3191      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1954      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3098      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1954      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 300       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016855  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3098      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1963      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3113      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087453  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1960      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102935  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 303       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3108      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087313  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1985      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104248  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 300       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016855  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3147      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1968      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3133      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1974      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3137      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1972      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3116      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087537  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1974      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3138      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1966      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3122      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1986      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3147      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1971      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3128      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1983      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3139      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1970      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3134      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1980      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3131      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087959  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1972      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3117      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087566  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1984      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3150      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1970      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3126      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1983      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3143      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1972      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3127      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1983      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3154      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1970      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3142      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088268  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1984      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3124      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1972      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3111      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087397  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1991      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3151      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088521  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1965      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3100      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1974      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3121      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1974      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3119      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1982      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104091  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3132      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1966      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3119      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1973      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103618  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3108      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087313  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1975      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103723  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3119      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1988      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3139      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1965      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3134      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1979      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3135      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1964      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103145  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3102      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1974      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3120      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1989      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3136      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088099  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1973      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103618  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3117      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087566  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1980      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3134      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1972      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3112      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087425  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1983      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3150      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1966      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3114      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1977      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3126      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1980      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3156      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1976      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103776  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3115      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087509  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1970      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3109      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087341  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 98        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1978      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103881  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3126      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 99        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 1969      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103408  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 138224    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3128      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 97        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
