Sat May 13 09:32:37 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2099      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110235  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3021      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084869  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1872      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2924      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1880      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2936      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1878      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2926      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082200  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1899      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2925      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1877      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2935      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082453  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1891      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2938      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082537  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1877      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2940      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082593  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1872      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2916      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081919  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1875      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2929      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082284  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1875      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2921      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082059  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1868      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 302       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016968  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2944      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1862      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2925      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1870      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2927      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082228  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1874      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2952      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082930  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1865      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2936      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1869      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2921      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082059  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1864      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2932      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1874      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2924      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2067      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021519  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3010      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2109      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023317  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2977      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083632  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2295      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120529  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022699  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3224      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1868      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2905      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2000      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021406  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2939      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082565  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1860      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2895      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081329  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 85        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1861      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2893      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081273  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 85        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.155979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4300      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1877      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2953      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1891      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2955      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1887      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2952      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082930  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1885      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2962      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1894      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2960      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1900      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1890      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2955      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1892      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017810  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2972      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1904      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099994  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1899      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2959      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1893      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2973      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083520  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1896      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017530  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2955      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1898      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2957      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 2932      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.153983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4243      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119198  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1882      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2951      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1897      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099627  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2959      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1876      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2933      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082396  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1870      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2927      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082228  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1882      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2964      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1889      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2943      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1885      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2946      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1890      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2964      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35967     bytes
load:time_us             : 1886      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2943      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
