Sat May 13 09:32:44 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2444      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020740  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3636      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093331  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 840       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2169      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104625  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3463      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 831       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2187      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017095  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3477      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 838       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3448      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 843       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2181      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105204  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017043  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3463      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 845       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017403  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3480      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089326  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 834       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2219      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3506      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 842       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2182      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017711  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3469      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 840       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2176      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017403  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3457      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 846       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017454  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3471      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 845       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017711  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3486      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089480  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 838       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2175      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104915  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3448      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2178      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017095  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3447      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 838       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2194      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 350       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017968  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3453      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 843       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2176      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017454  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3463      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2174      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3444      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 837       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2186      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017403  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3461      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 832       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2175      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104915  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3460      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 835       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2171      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104722  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3461      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 848       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2176      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3454      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088659  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 839       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2195      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105880  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 354       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018173  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3453      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 838       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2175      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104915  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017454  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3464      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088916  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 840       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2182      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3458      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 841       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2183      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3452      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2166      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017043  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3465      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088941  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 834       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2173      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017403  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3462      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 843       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2182      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017454  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3450      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 831       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2180      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017711  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3461      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 846       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2181      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105204  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3476      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 833       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2204      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3469      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 835       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2184      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 330       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3470      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089070  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 846       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2193      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3477      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 845       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2181      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105204  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 348       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017865  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3450      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 837       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2173      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017608  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3443      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 834       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2195      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105880  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 351       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018019  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3458      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 851       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2183      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3474      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 831       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2184      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3467      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 831       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2183      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3461      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 838       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2176      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3461      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 835       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2179      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017043  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3471      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 840       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2185      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105397  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3455      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088685  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2177      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3445      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 847       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2169      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104625  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3449      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088531  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2228      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3502      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089891  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2179      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3457      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 845       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2179      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017711  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3453      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 844       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2206      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 337       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3495      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 833       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2188      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017403  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3478      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 833       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.151946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4963      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127393  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 858       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2143      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016838  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 151530    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3414      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087632  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 845       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
