Sat May 13 09:32:37 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2251      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029329  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3051      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1874      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2925      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1890      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2964      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1888      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2962      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1900      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 303       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2969      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1890      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2973      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083520  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1894      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2975      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1886      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2965      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1919      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3015      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084700  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1895      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2971      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1873      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2957      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1884      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3023      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1888      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2972      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1891      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2978      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1886      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2988      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1903      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2988      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1896      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1894      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1902      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099889  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1900      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2966      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083323  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1902      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099889  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2964      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1897      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099627  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2966      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083323  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1918      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2962      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1909      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100257  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017810  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2976      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083604  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1919      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3015      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084700  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1900      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 305       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2978      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1910      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2995      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1899      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1911      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100362  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2997      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084194  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1896      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2970      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083436  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1910      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2994      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084110  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1895      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2981      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083745  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1883      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2989      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1891      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3692      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103719  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3242      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029385  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3234      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169844  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4972      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.139678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 136       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5000      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.140465  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3227      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169476  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029329  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5052      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 136       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3202      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.168163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5039      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029104  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5083      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3236      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029497  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 136       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3220      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029104  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3222      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169213  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029441  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5049      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141841  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 138       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4990      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.140184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 136       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3221      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169161  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142291  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3213      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.168741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5038      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3163      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.166115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028992  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5011      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.140774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 137       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5043      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141673  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 138       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3195      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.167795  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029610  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5030      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 138       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3206      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.168373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029329  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5040      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 136       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
