Sat May 13 09:36:01 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2491      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028597  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3523      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10926     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2198      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3491      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10952     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2184      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3492      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10967     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2200      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3505      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10985     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2211      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3509      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11027     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2208      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3497      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088973  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11024     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2214      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 347       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017657  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3508      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089253  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11003     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2199      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105215  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3491      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11026     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2204      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3492      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10988     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2203      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3509      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11056     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3496      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10968     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2211      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 355       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3495      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10987     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2222      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106315  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3505      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10987     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2210      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3500      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089049  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11000     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2202      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3507      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089227  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10981     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2201      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105311  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3496      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10979     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2186      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3483      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11001     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3491      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11005     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2207      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105598  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3494      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10962     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2215      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105980  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3512      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11030     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2214      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3505      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11000     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2193      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3503      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10976     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2200      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3506      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089202  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10957     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2200      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3499      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11001     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2214      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3503      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10979     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2202      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3484      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10970     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2199      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105215  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3501      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089074  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10958     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3487      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10985     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3495      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10979     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2195      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105023  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3491      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10962     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2217      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106076  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 353       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017962  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3492      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11007     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2205      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3490      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10964     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2203      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3495      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11027     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3502      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10974     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2201      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105311  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3490      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11025     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2202      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3503      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10970     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2215      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105980  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018216  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3512      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10999     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2211      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3510      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10970     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2218      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106124  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3516      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10964     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2209      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105693  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3482      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088591  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10978     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2194      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3500      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089049  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10992     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2188      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3485      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10957     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3479      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10977     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3477      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11023     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3484      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10985     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2199      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105215  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3473      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088362  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10999     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2206      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105550  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017453  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3507      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089227  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10995     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3510      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10980     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2199      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105215  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3504      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11020     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34871     bytes
load:time_us             : 2211      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 150512    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3499      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10968     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
