Sat May 13 03:17:35 AM EDT 2023
----
4820000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3858      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5875      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105897  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 990       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4610000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3714      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118836  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021485  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5532      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 939       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3230      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015790  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5264      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 943       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3204      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102518  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5231      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 942       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3225      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5273      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3215      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5262      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094848  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 944       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3212      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102774  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5256      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 952       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3214      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102838  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015934  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5254      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094704  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 946       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4700000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3226      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5267      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094938  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 957       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3208      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016006  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5232      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 938       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4610000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3203      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015826  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5238      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094415  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 940       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103158  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5247      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3217      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102934  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015753  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5259      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094794  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 937       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3219      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015681  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5246      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 947       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3212      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102774  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015970  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5230      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094271  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 945       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3217      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102934  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015898  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5249      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 941       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016006  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5271      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 943       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3214      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102838  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015898  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5248      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 938       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4870000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3568      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021485  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5586      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 993       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4695000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 4400      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.140786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 750       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027037  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6151      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.110872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 962       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4740000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3273      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016078  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5365      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4740000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3277      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104853  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016258  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5352      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 965       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5391      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 970       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105269  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5382      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 963       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1015      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5420      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016258  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5423      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 978       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5410      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 973       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4740000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016402  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105397  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5389      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 977       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4735000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105077  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016078  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 965       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 467       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 964       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5390      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5396      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5391      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3323      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5377      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016258  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5397      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097281  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5415      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 964       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4730000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016258  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 963       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5425      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097786  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 961       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105397  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 983       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 978       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105045  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5381      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 974       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4740000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 467       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 964       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105621  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 972       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 975       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5381      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 31253     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27739     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 55478     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 254802    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 100       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
