Sat May 13 03:17:17 AM EDT 2023
----
3520000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3443      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120785  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5672      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3365      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5619      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3363      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5634      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3374      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5641      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3395      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5641      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3379      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5640      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3369      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5628      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 719       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3373      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118330  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5624      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113744  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3360      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117874  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5617      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3370      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5639      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114048  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3363      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5637      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3353      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5616      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3535000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3373      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118330  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5633      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3368      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5630      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3359      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117838  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5627      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113805  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3378      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5637      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3382      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5645      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3374      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5637      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3370      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3505000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3372      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118295  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5618      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113623  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 720       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3380      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118575  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5628      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3362      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5641      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3377      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5632      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113906  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3352      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5616      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3378      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5655      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3362      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5608      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3373      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118330  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5615      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3376      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5646      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3378      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5640      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3368      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5643      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114129  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3365      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5628      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3359      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117838  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3373      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118330  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5617      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3359      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117838  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5614      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3381      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5625      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3364      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118014  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5617      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3384      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118716  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5636      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3377      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5647      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114210  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 718       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3370      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5623      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113724  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 717       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3371      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5622      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113704  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3369      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5643      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114129  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3362      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5621      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3356      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117733  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5621      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3366      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5630      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3367      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5629      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3365      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5617      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3371      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5622      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113704  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3369      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5620      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3382      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5646      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 718       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3387      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 405472    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5645      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 718       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
