Sat May 13 03:17:27 AM EDT 2023
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3393      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5511      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3348      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016708  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5505      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100853  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3374      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109032  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5566      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101971  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3333      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5487      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100523  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5523      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101183  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5549      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101659  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107771  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5487      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100523  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3350      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 421       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5499      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100743  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3349      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5538      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3351      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5494      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 420       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3337      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107836  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5503      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5472      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 424       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5486      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5480      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108030  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5476      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3353      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5524      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101201  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3351      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5503      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3348      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5481      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107771  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5479      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3333      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5487      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100523  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107771  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5471      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100230  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5495      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 418       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5484      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5478      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3329      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107577  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5460      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5478      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 431       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3327      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 417       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3340      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3359      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016781  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4691      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.151591  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 568       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020811  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6718      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123076  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3259      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105315  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098691  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 414       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106059  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5396      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098856  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3313      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5437      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5416      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5439      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 425       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3289      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106640  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5437      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107287  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5438      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099626  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
