Sat May 13 03:17:29 AM EDT 2023
----
3170000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3277      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5307      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 650       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102738  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095832  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 655       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4867      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.157737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 548       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020190  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7020      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 657       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3201      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5252      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 664       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5283      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 664       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3280000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3236      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5352      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 671       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3280000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3249      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5311      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 672       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3220000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3219      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5284      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097343  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 658       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3275000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3263      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017095  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5299      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 670       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3831      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124161  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020596  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5783      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106433  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 489       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5309      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097804  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 667       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3239      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104974  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5311      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 668       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3222      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5279      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 662       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3222      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 659       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3225      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5321      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098025  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5299      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 674       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3275000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5284      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097343  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 669       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105136  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5296      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 666       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3230000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3238      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5315      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 660       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3233      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104780  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5292      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097490  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 663       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3238      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5302      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 666       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3261      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105687  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5318      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097969  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 673       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3290000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3259      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5303      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 673       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3249      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5314      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 662       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3230000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105136  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5324      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098080  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 661       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3254      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5296      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3222      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5279      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 673       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3230      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5270      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097085  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3230      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5269      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3216      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5257      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3220000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104715  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5301      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 659       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3219      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 671       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3207      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103937  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5260      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 663       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3235      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016911  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5317      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097951  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 664       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104488  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5281      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 663       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3270000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104488  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5266      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 669       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3214      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104164  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5274      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097159  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 661       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3232      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104748  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5296      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 666       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3225      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5276      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097196  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 662       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3226      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5280      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097269  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 676       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3213      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104132  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5257      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 663       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3229      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104650  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5301      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 668       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3226      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5279      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3229      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104650  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5279      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 666       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3213      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104132  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5267      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 665       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3217      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5269      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 664       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5281      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 664       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3220000
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4856      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.157381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 946       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034855  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6345      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116889  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 661       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3215000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3969      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 731       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026933  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5719      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 659       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5278      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 671       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
