Sat May 13 03:21:37 AM EDT 2023
----
392290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6350      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 942       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015855  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10196     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085809  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78473     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6391      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 910       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015317  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10353     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087130  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77028     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6379      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10380     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78292     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
383875000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6424      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10372     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76790     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6347      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 890       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014980  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10319     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086844  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78276     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6363      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10351     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77500     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6363      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 898       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10340     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087020  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86901     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385850000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6347      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 898       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10345     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087063  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77184     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6370      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10349     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087096  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79704     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6342      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066975  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10306     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086734  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79591     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392925000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6351      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10316     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78600     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
383755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6352      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067081  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10312     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76767     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6373      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10364     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087222  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78286     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6376      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067334  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 898       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10337     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086995  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79546     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6352      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067081  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10313     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79497     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
401310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6390      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067482  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 906       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10337     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086995  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80277     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391145000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6364      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10331     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78244     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6353      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067091  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10313     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77133     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6388      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 895       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10388     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087424  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79501     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6378      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 910       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015317  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10317     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77160     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6360      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10337     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086995  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79219     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6340      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066954  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10299     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77953     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386170000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6354      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10337     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086995  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77250     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6383      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067408  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 908       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015283  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10348     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76941     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
412075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6355      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10333     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82430     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385590000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6344      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 896       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10314     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77133     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6362      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 891       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014997  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10334     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77907     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6346      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067017  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 890       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014980  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10322     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086869  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77405     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387275000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6348      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067039  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10306     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086734  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77470     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6350      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 896       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10350     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76917     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6354      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10356     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78465     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386740000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6357      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067134  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10316     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77362     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6343      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 894       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10311     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76919     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6419      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 892       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10400     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77758     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6360      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 896       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10357     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79050     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
383895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6357      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067134  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10316     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76794     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6370      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 896       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10332     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79382     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6343      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 895       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10308     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086751  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78006     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6348      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067039  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10298     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77095     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6409      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10389     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78692     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6352      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067081  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 907       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015266  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10316     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77526     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6355      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 891       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014997  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10326     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79132     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6344      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 893       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10310     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086768  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76957     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384260000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6364      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 893       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10340     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087020  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76867     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6365      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 893       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10342     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087037  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77845     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384885000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6351      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 893       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10355     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087147  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76992     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6398      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 895       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10363     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78916     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386730000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6349      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 895       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10340     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087020  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77360     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
386510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6356      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 889       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014963  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10357     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77316     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6350      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 898       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 523650    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10314     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77491     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
