Sat May 13 03:21:16 AM EDT 2023
----
1120930000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7196      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 890       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015737  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11843     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104707  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 224210    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116095000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7066      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014888  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11712     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103548  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223240    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7043      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 837       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11704     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223308    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116870000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7095      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 840       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11750     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223394    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116145000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7040      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 840       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11699     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223249    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116135000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7072      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077997  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 841       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014871  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11722     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223247    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116465000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7060      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077865  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 836       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11726     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103672  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223313    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1118135000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7046      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11706     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223648    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1121930000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7045      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11702     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 224405    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116030000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7056      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11724     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103654  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223225    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115970000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7013      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 838       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11674     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223215    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116765000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7020      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 834       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014747  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11681     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223373    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116355000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7028      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 840       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11680     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223291    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116065000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7032      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11704     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223235    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116330000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7132      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078659  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 967       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11633     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102850  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223287    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7034      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077578  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 836       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11696     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223426    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7050      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077755  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 838       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11715     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223589    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7046      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11704     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223274    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7025      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077479  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014888  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11677     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223166    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7034      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077578  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11695     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223285    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116205000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7036      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014906  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11701     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223262    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117725000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7045      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 837       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11696     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223565    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117975000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7029      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 834       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014747  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11674     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223615    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7041      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 837       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11740     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223245    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117105000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7038      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 838       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11709     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103522  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223440    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116720000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7036      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014906  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11698     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103425  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223364    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115525000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7037      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014888  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11694     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223124    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117755000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7019      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014906  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11688     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103336  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223571    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116525000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7049      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 833       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014729  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11707     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223325    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115605000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7054      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 840       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11721     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223142    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1118255000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7027      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077501  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 838       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11674     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223672    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7014      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 840       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11675     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223188    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7019      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 837       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11690     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223370    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117465000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7085      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078141  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 836       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11779     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223513    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115885000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7016      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077380  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 836       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11709     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103522  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223199    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7019      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 835       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014764  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11688     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103336  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223425    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1117880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7087      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014906  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11755     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103929  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223596    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7029      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 835       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014764  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11696     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223248    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1142530000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7038      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 835       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014764  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11708     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 228526    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116285000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7022      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077446  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 838       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11675     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223278    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116350000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7042      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077667  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11710     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103531  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223291    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116655000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7047      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077722  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014888  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11713     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103557  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223352    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7029      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 833       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014729  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11685     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103310  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223278    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116130000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7041      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 836       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11695     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223246    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1118480000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7024      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 833       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014729  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11694     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223716    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7019      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11675     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223201    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1115835000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7032      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11706     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223187    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116410000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7020      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11669     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223302    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1118865000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7034      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077578  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014906  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11698     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103425  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223792    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1116595000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7027      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077501  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 833       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014729  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 919600    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11709     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103522  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 223338    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
