Sat May 13 03:17:33 AM EDT 2023
----
9600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3827      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120577  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016711  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6322      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3787      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6321      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115570  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1949      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3786      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6292      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1958      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9685000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1958      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3771      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6305      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115277  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1953      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3767      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6293      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115058  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016601  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6276      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114747  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1940      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016601  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118529  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6267      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118340  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6272      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6278      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1952      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3771      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6275      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1952      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6266      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1940      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118529  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6285      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3771      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6292      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1936      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6267      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3765      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6285      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1951      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118529  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6272      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1953      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6267      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3750      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118151  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6274      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1947      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3765      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6281      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1938      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6275      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6269      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1950      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6254      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3781      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119127  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6303      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115241  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6269      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3760      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6268      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114601  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3766      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6324      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2075      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3769      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6284      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1973      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3781      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119127  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6298      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115149  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3742      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6256      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114381  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1953      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3768      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118718  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6281      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3754      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6270      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1948      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3774      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118907  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016784  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1956      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6283      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118088  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6272      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1938      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3755      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6274      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3763      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6282      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114857  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6261      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114473  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1949      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3775      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118938  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016601  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6278      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1951      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9685000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3755      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6286      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114930  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1957      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3757      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6275      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3764      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3763      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3752      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6272      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3769      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 466       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017040  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6267      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3765      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6285      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3764      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6289      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3752      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016711  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444626    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6283      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
