Sat May 13 03:39:42 AM EDT 2023
----
4491530000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7929      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1095      μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017631  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12814     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898336    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4490665000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7761      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 926       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014910  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12903     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898157    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4488005000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7860      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 940       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 13037     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897626    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4488270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7774      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 945       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015216  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12887     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897678    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486685000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7785      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080667  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12878     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103682  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897362    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4495835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7767      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 934       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015039  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12889     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899189    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4487985000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7755      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080356  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 937       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015087  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12886     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103747  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897622    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4503435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7782      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080636  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 931       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014991  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12919     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900711    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4484670000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7781      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080626  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 940       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12905     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896959    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7754      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 946       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12862     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897130    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4516045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7756      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12877     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 903234    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4817095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7733      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080128  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 932       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015007  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12836     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 963443    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4535190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7734      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080139  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 926       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014910  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12853     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907061    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4484420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7793      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 954       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12902     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896908    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4484420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7716      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079952  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 934       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015039  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12824     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103247  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896906    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4500255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7761      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 933       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12902     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900075    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4487315000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7761      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080419  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 934       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015039  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12875     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897484    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4533540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7790      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080719  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 929       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12890     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 906729    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486520000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7756      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 930       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12880     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897329    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4488400000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7725      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 927       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014926  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12855     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103497  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897704    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4484845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7736      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 927       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014926  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12853     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896990    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4489665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7725      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 925       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014894  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12829     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897954    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4489830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7749      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 939       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015120  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12873     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897989    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4537590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7772      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12890     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907541    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486540000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7766      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 940       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12894     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897331    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4492345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7748      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080284  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 930       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12867     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898493    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7775      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 941       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015152  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12893     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897307    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4537960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7767      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 938       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12872     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907615    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4489155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7778      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 941       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015152  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12898     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897857    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7787      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 946       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12884     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897076    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7771      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 941       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015152  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12915     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897184    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4487845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7771      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 933       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12892     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897593    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4487535000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7794      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 945       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015216  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12913     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897531    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7775      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12899     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897190    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4491050000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7778      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 937       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015087  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12901     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898235    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7772      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12913     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103964  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897269    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7782      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080636  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 930       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12926     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104069  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897130    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4535790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7775      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 939       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015120  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12895     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 907185    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4487615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7786      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 938       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12926     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104069  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897547    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486505000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7764      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12871     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103626  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897324    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4490095000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7759      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080398  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 941       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015152  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12882     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898043    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4490155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7762      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 931       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014991  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12900     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898056    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4490775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7768      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080491  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 937       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015087  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12875     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898179    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4488120000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7783      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 944       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015200  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12878     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103682  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897647    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4488670000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7757      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 934       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015039  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12874     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897756    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4500950000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7763      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080439  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 934       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015039  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12873     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900215    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4487195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7762      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12872     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897464    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4489915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7788      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080698  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 941       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015152  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12912     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898006    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4486300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7762      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 935       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12859     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897284    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4485690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 7765      μs
load:bytes               : 96507     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 943       μs
validate:bytes           : 62103     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015184  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 124206    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 1013354   bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12875     μs
spc:functions            : 140       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897164    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
