Sat May 13 03:45:05 AM EDT 2023
----
3706105000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3780      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.140536  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 632       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026873  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5291      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 741240    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3634990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2906      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4774      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 727013    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3627295000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2904      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015647  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4773      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725474    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3690405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2897      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4758      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 738096    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3624355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2899      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4775      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101517  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724886    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3702025000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2886      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4767      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 740420    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3636735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2892      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4771      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101432  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 727361    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3708495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2892      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4774      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 741713    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3760970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2886      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015987  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4762      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101241  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 752209    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3636295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2883      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4751      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 727272    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3625590000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2887      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015647  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4760      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101199  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725132    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3625085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2891      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4752      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725032    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3629305000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2881      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4762      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101241  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725877    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4069985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4165      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.154849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 467       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5845      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124266  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 814016    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3678035000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2869      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015647  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4717      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100284  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 735622    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3607720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2882      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015647  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4746      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721560    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3611840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2879      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4749      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100965  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722382    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3609005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2892      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4761      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101220  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721817    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3621100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3447      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128155  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019602  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5142      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724236    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3694260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2893      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107558  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4767      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 738867    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3624900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2883      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4753      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101050  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724994    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3684615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2886      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015520  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4759      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101177  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 736938    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3699720000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2892      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4772      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 739959    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3625075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2876      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106926  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4756      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101114  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725031    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3624555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2898      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4770      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101411  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724927    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3781805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2887      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4750      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100986  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 756377    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3945040000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5644      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.209837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015860  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10457     μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.222319  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 789032    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3624340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2883      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015987  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4748      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724883    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3746930000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2880      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4754      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 749400    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3624160000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2876      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106926  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015520  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4747      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 724848    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3948370000
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4419      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 820       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 789692    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3604350000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3329      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123768  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 663       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.028191  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4832      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 720886    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3607785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2892      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4765      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101305  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721573    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3611530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4740      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722321    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3608365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2881      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4752      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721687    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3608365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2882      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4752      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721688    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3742515000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2874      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106852  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4735      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 748519    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3617455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2877      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015860  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4734      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 723505    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3607005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2868      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4747      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721416    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3610005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2868      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4927      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722016    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3608585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2870      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4745      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721732    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3664220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2878      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107000  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4742      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100816  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 732859    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3686090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2868      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4732      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 737233    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3611055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2873      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4737      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722225    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3610975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2883      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015520  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4746      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722210    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3607070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2884      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4749      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100965  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721431    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3608445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2871      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4740      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721704    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3612950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2873      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4746      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 722605    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3609445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2879      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4759      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101177  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 721904    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3676285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2872      μs
load:bytes               : 26897     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106777  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23518     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 47036     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 224156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4748      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 735272    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
