Sat May 13 03:17:16 AM EDT 2023
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3378      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 660       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026784  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4922      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2928      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105856  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4852      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098453  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2933      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4834      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098088  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015949  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4856      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2950      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4864      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4905      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015949  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4904      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2994      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4912      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099671  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4897      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2969      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107339  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4914      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4899      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2994      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4884      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099103  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2988      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108026  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 93        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2973      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107483  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2951      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4867      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2977      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4887      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4868      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098778  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2952      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4880      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099021  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2960      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107013  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015989  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4898      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4881      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4884      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099103  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4896      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015989  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4875      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098920  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015949  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4878      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2986      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4909      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2951      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4872      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2991      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108134  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4881      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4878      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2969      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107339  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4900      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099427  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107809  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4891      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107809  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2968      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107158  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4926      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099955  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2984      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107881  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015989  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4896      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2977      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3010      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4928      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099995  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4856      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4862      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4868      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098778  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
