Sat May 13 03:17:15 AM EDT 2023
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3210      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 483       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019601  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 103       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5080      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103080  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3076      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111207  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5074      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015989  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102816  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 103       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3089      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5093      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 126       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5090      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103283  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
455000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 108       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3099      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112039  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5147      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3092      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111785  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3089      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5087      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103222  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3076      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111207  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5071      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102897  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103445  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3078      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016882  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5068      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5071      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102897  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3060      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5059      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102654  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5068      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5060      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102674  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5091      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3077      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5081      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5107      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3061      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5083      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3087      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111605  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5075      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102978  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111641  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103404  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111315  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5069      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102857  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111135  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5091      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102938  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111026  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 4461      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.161279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020656  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6344      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3049      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3076      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111207  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5093      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 104       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 103       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3108      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5136      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104216  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3104      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5133      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 105       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5134      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104175  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5155      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 103       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3104      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016882  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5157      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 103       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5139      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104277  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3098      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112002  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5139      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104277  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3106      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5123      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3113      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5143      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104358  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 101       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3094      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239940    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5136      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104216  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 102       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
