Sat May 13 03:18:43 AM EDT 2023
----
434055000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 8468      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.093828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1383      μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024541  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12249     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108680  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86834     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6819      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 795       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11392     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86894     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
432475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6876      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076188  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 796       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014125  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11466     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86514     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434925000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6796      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 795       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11347     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87005     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6806      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 797       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11348     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100686  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86932     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6797      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 800       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11339     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86992     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6817      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075534  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 805       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014284  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11366     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86902     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435660000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6840      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 803       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11422     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101343  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87152     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6820      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 800       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11389     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101050  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86827     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6813      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 800       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11401     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87061     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6813      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 795       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11380     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86983     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
433840000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6788      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075213  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 797       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11332     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100544  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86788     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6790      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075235  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 792       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014054  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11352     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86910     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6801      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 800       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11366     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86831     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434415000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6809      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 796       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014125  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11376     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86903     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6796      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 799       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014178  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11333     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86857     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6810      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075457  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 798       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11353     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86880     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6813      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 798       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11378     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87115     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
433710000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6812      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075479  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 790       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11368     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86762     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6790      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075235  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 800       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11339     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86888     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6799      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 790       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11364     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100828  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86852     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434495000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6797      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 793       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014072  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11354     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86920     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
433405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6789      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 805       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014284  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11352     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86700     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6794      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 801       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11346     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87001     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434325000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6788      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075213  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 799       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014178  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11335     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86884     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6783      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 805       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014284  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11331     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87174     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
501990000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 15518     μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.171944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1809      μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.032101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 25943     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.230182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 100436    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
454150000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 7964      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.088243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1387      μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024612  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12182     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108086  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90853     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437595000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 8075      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.089473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1051      μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018650  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 12296     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87541     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6826      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075634  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 796       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014125  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11405     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101192  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86939     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
473480000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 11654     μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129130  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1272      μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 19679     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.174604  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94723     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6800      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 796       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014125  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11351     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100713  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86870     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6791      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 792       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014054  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11343     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86832     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
433865000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6821      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075578  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 791       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014036  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11391     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86794     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6796      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 799       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014178  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11354     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86934     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
433955000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6797      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 798       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11367     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100855  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86810     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6807      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 797       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11372     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86840     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434535000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6804      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075390  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 790       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11354     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86927     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6796      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 798       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11346     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86880     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6811      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 794       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11371     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86914     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
433855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6795      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 793       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014072  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11353     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86791     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6798      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075324  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 803       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11366     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86902     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6796      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 799       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014178  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11357     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86931     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
437215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6806      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 795       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11351     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100713  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87463     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6800      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 795       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11378     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86886     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6823      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075601  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 798       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11395     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101103  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86819     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6816      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 792       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014054  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11397     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101121  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86935     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6844      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075833  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 791       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014036  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11394     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86895     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
435175000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6841      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 797       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11395     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101103  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87057     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
434215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 6805      μs
load:bytes               : 90250     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 796       μs
validate:bytes           : 56353     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014125  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112706    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 994150    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11362     μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100810  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86864     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
