Sat May 13 03:17:14 AM EDT 2023
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021380  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4848      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2949      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4846      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2927      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4817      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4857      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098523  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2960      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106432  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4840      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098178  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2929      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4839      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098158  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2923      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4814      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2947      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4821      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2915      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4808      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2932      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4827      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2922      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105066  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4812      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2934      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4804      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2923      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4813      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2939      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4834      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2929      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4813      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2943      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015822  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4818      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2927      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4815      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097671  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2929      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4811      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2916      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4809      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097549  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2941      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4823      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097833  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2923      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4820      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097772  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2926      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105210  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015822  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4814      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2932      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4808      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2943      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4820      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097772  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2924      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105138  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4838      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2929      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4821      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2953      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4819      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097752  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2934      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4824      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097853  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2931      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105389  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4830      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2925      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4815      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097671  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2934      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4813      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2940      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4816      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097691  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2924      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105138  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4822      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2931      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105389  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4813      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2932      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4814      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2916      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4812      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2929      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4823      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097833  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2916      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4794      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2935      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4838      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2936      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015741  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4830      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2915      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4788      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 177       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2934      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105497  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015822  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4820      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097772  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2939      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4824      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097853  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2916      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4800      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2932      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4806      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2927      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4813      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097630  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2927      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4801      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2936      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4801      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2932      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4826      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2920      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104994  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195980    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4812      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
