Sat May 13 03:17:23 AM EDT 2023
----
3385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117907  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021505  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4905      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 696       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2954      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111598  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 688       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2976      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4919      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106425  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4870      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 700       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016962  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105841  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112504  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4905      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 695       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2991      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4903      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106079  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017135  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4873      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 688       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4891      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4861      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2991      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 689       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2948      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111371  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2953      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4884      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 686       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2976      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105517  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 699       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4884      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2975      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2952      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4871      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 691       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4887      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 691       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2949      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111409  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4861      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 689       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2975      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017568  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4886      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4865      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105257  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 691       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4872      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 686       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4880      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2975      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4894      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 688       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4880      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2975      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4880      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 703       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4905      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 691       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2949      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111409  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4870      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2952      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4891      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 692       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4866      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018087  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 687       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 699       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016875  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105863  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 686       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4904      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 688       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2969      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112164  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4897      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105949  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 689       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016962  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4884      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 689       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4891      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 691       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2969      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112164  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4875      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105473  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 699       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2955      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 688       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111975  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 690       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228196    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 694       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
