Sat May 13 03:17:45 AM EDT 2023
----
43580000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4581      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017015  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7745      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4532      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7663      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8740      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4502      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7644      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8747      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4502      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7638      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8709      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4489      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7619      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8714      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4508      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 499       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7641      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125254  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8722      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4527      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128886  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7660      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125565  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8706      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128516  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7628      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8716      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4481      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7614      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8711      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4495      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127975  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7631      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8726      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128032  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7631      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8709      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4487      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7613      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8695      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43505000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4501      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128145  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7636      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8722      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4487      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7605      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8753      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128516  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7653      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8732      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4489      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7622      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8724      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4483      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7613      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8708      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4487      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7627      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8729      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4496      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128003  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7604      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8716      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4475      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7607      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8705      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4496      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128003  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7621      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4515      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128544  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 534       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017507  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7604      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8713      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4500      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128117  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7624      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8716      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4490      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127832  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7604      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8737      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4484      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127661  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7616      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124844  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8697      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4490      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127832  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7627      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8710      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4510      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7637      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8702      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4515      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128544  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7639      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8716      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43560000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4505      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 500       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7755      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8732      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4500      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128117  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7643      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8736      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4519      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7658      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8722      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4488      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7628      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8702      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43685000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4487      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7602      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8759      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4493      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7615      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8708      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4485      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127690  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7603      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124631  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8716      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4506      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7634      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8714      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4508      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7639      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8684      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4493      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 500       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7625      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8711      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4483      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7620      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8708      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4482      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127605  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7606      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124680  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8720      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4491      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127861  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 500       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7619      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8710      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4485      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127690  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7627      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8724      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
47950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4498      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7631      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4476      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127434  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 500       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7623      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124959  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8726      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4498      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7631      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8710      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4518      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7644      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8712      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128032  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7624      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8684      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4494      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7623      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124959  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8719      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4489      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 495       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016228  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7616      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124844  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8707      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
43490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4499      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 492250    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7636      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8720      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
