Sat May 13 03:17:21 AM EDT 2023
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3464      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114361  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 668       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5151      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102443  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5077      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095339  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5102      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095808  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
855000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3138      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103598  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095977  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 187       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016487  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5100      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103433  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 187       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3136      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103532  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5116      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3139      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5131      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3142      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5132      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3155      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104159  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5137      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096465  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 188       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019604  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5074      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102971  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5099      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095752  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016374  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5083      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5110      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3132      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016149  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102971  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5092      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095620  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096109  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102971  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
855000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095977  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 187       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3144      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103334  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5110      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103499  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5102      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095808  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3111      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5102      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095808  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103895  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 187       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016374  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5089      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3138      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103598  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5119      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103334  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3163      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104621  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5136      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096447  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3173      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5152      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096747  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103697  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3132      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5090      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3116      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102872  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5097      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5086      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5084      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
865000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 190       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3115      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5091      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3148      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5131      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016337  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5110      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103499  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5102      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095808  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
850000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103334  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 187       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
905000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103466  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016374  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5114      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 198       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5107      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3136      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103532  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5128      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 186       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245708    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 185       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
