Sat May 13 03:17:11 AM EDT 2023
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3478      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.139197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023441  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5574      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 25        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131913  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5532      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 24        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131433  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5524      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3269      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130833  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5499      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5519      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5522      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5534      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125459  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3285      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5524      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3279      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131233  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5506      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124824  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5522      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5509      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124892  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131793  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5519      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3289      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5525      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131393  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5525      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3279      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131233  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3275      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131073  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5536      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5541      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3272      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5555      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131433  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5537      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5518      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125096  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017274  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5514      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131393  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5543      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5529      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5540      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125595  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5536      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3277      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5513      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124982  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131433  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5532      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5543      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3272      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5533      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125436  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5527      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3275      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131073  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3289      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5537      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3278      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5520      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5513      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124982  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131393  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5522      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3269      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130833  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5501      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3265      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5520      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3268      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130793  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5519      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3264      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5488      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3267      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5511      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3268      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130793  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5511      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3277      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5508      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124869  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5515      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3275      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131073  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5503      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3262      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5524      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3273      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3274      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124597  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3260      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5493      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5511      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3265      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 391140    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124461  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
