Sat May 13 03:18:10 AM EDT 2023
----
79215000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4281      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117693  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026836  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6216      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15863     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3747      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103013  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6134      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15918     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6130      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16016     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6117      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15974     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103315  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6136      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15961     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3746      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6156      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095828  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16020     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103260  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6152      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15972     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79855000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3779      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 532       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6182      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15988     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6130      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15961     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79945000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3772      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 529       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6137      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16005     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3743      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6113      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095158  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15925     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3745      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6120      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15942     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4091      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112470  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 668       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6335      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15995     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80170000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3773      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6171      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096061  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16051     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3793      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 536       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6193      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096404  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16046     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3777      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6171      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096061  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16113     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3777      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6179      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096186  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16104     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80645000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3787      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6189      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096341  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16145     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3781      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103947  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 533       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6185      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16049     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3794      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104305  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 535       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016656  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6200      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16095     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3780      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 532       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6173      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096092  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16096     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80155000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3777      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 533       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6178      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16047     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3782      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103975  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6181      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16092     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3772      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 532       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6165      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16072     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3936      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 630       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019613  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6177      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15698     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3871      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018742  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6220      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096824  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16016     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3788      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104140  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6191      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16056     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80520000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4032      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6439      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16121     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80155000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3767      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 533       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6171      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096061  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16047     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3790      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104195  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6184      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16171     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3771      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6159      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16056     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3787      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 529       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6182      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16059     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80205000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3780      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 536       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6165      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16058     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3780      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6176      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16070     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4098      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112662  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 672       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020921  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6319      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15881     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79525000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3756      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103260  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6143      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15921     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3748      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103040  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6131      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095438  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15989     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79910000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103315  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 534       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016625  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6125      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15997     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3744      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102930  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6130      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15954     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79010000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3967      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109061  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 678       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021108  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6155      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095812  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15820     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3749      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6126      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15884     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103315  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6125      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15925     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3766      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6142      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15936     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79505000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3753      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103178  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6129      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15918     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3745      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 529       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6117      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15888     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3741      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6113      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095158  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15896     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79925000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3752      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103150  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6131      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095438  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16003     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
80300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 539       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016780  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6197      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096466  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16078     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78835000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 5233      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.143866  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026494  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7231      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15785     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
79455000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4997      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.137378  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 272698    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7031      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15909     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
