Sat May 13 03:17:40 AM EDT 2023
----
16090000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113936  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5172      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3235      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16150000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3245      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107691  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5157      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3248      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3230      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5156      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3216      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5157      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3219      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3118      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5157      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3215      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3125      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5149      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3215      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5164      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3222      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16065000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5155      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3229      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5146      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3231      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5159      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3231      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3133      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5159      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3243      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5144      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3240      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3167      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5216      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105814  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3240      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
17335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3113      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5124      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3484      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5172      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3224      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3110      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107311  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5162      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3237      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3137      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016837  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5158      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3226      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5152      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3220      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017000  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5160      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3226      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5143      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104333  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3245      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5181      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3223      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3236      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5165      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3238      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5133      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104130  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3213      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16060000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3123      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5146      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3228      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16020000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107932  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5153      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3220      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15930000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3155      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5202      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3202      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3126      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5161      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3240      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5153      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3219      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5148      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3210      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5148      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3232      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5158      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3234      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15710000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3381      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116662  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020651  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5260      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106706  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3158      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3064      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016026  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5075      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3186      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3080      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106276  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015985  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5072      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102892  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3179      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106311  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104008  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3173      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103379  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3215      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5120      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3244      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15800000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3176      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3190      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15920000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107139  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5122      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3200      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104008  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3217      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15930000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106552  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103339  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3202      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103379  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3196      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15910000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3096      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5109      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3197      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5108      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103623  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3231      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15930000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3096      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3201      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
17375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3101      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104008  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3491      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
