Sat May 13 03:17:31 AM EDT 2023
----
3230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5341      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098393  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 662       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3950      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020411  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5744      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3040000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3074      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099627  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093309  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 622       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100178  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3110      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100794  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5076      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093511  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102090  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 625       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101247  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5116      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3118      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101053  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 639       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101604  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5124      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101118  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5101      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015695  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5098      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093916  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3105      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5086      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5111      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3140000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101571  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015695  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094193  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 641       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5093      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093824  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 628       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3128      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5099      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101247  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094045  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3116      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100988  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015953  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5104      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5146      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094801  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5092      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093806  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3135      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101604  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094193  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 627       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3121      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101150  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5090      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093769  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3140      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5132      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094543  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5137      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3124      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101247  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5110      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015990  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5136      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5104      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5136      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3148      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102025  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5123      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3154      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5117      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094266  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5130      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094506  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015953  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5127      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3138      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094045  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5106      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094064  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101409  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5104      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3130      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5135      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3127      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5123      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3109      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100761  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5085      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3131      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015953  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5113      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094193  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3120000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3117      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101020  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5092      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093806  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 638       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3147      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5133      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094561  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3119      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015990  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5118      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3141      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5129      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3107      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100696  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 643       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3114      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100923  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5091      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093787  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101960  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5129      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233502    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5100      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
