Sat May 13 03:17:32 AM EDT 2023
----
11385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4346      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136929  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021464  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7082      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129484  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2300      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4154      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130879  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7036      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2316      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4113      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015833  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7027      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4140      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130438  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7052      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4137      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7056      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129008  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4129      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130092  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7019      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128332  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2303      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4125      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129966  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7037      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2290      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4113      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7027      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4136      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7035      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2297      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4123      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7011      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4135      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130281  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7043      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2301      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4120      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129808  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7039      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2297      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4121      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7027      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2294      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4136      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7056      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129008  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4121      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7039      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4123      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015906  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7021      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2300      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4135      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130281  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7037      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2297      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4121      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7007      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2307      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4114      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015833  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7017      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2301      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4145      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7058      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129045  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2305      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4126      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129997  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7027      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2307      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4120      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129808  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7020      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2292      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4112      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7024      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2315      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4116      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7030      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128533  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2306      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4122      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129871  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7045      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4124      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129934  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7017      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2314      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4130      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7033      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4130      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7029      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2310      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4120      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129808  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015979  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7023      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128405  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2310      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4115      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129651  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015979  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7013      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128222  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2296      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4131      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130155  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7039      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2320      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4128      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7036      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2299      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4114      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7026      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2297      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4114      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7021      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2303      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4128      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7034      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4123      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7029      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4121      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7046      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4143      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7028      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2296      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4128      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7034      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4116      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7028      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2296      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4136      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7030      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128533  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2293      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4125      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129966  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7038      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128679  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2311      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4130      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7031      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2294      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4146      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130627  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7045      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2299      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4129      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130092  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7029      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2300      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4115      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129651  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7022      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4138      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7055      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4125      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129966  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7029      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2297      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4121      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7028      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2299      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4115      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129651  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 482416    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7032      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2305      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
