Sat May 13 03:28:33 AM EDT 2023
----
3570085000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4439      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.135067  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7146      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714041    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3564480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4175      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127034  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7085      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130700  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712917    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4195      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127643  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7113      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131216  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713125    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565820000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4171      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126913  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7081      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130626  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713185    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3574390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4169      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126852  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7082      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714900    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565695000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4168      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016565  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7094      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713161    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3564460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4175      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127034  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7087      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712914    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3567570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4172      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126943  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7088      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130755  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713540    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3568890000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4209      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128069  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7161      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.132102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713801    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4203      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127886  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7133      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131585  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713170    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3644240000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4188      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7110      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131161  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 728872    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3586755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4309      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016787  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7310      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.134850  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 717377    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3568195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4223      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128495  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7191      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.132655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713664    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3567105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4212      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128160  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7159      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.132065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713444    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3567995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4201      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127825  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7136      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131641  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713621    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4183      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7103      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713108    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3566035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4802      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.146112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 566       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020882  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7565      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.139555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713231    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3563575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4187      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7100      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712736    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4149      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7060      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712173    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3565490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4153      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7065      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130331  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713119    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3561210000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4157      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7065      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130331  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712263    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4161      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126608  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016049  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7065      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130331  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712050    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4159      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7069      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130405  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712215    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4150      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126274  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7080      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712221    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3559825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4152      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016565  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7067      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711987    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4172      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126943  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7095      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712168    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3561075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4169      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126852  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7095      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712236    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4163      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7074      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130497  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712113    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3564865000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4169      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126852  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7093      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130847  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712994    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3559565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4160      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126578  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7068      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130386  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711934    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3563090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4153      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7091      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130810  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712639    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4154      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126395  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7067      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712188    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4153      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7070      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712126    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4153      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7078      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712038    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3560425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4161      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126608  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7076      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712106    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3422885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4997      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.152046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7600      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.140200  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684600    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3426500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4070      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015717  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6906      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685321    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3423030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4004      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015680  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6825      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684626    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3426515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4000      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121710  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015569  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6804      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685324    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3424870000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3999      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015717  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6820      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684995    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3424210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3994      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121527  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015680  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6797      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684863    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3423720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4004      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6808      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684766    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3423450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4007      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121923  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015680  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6820      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684712    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3429410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4026      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122501  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6864      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126623  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685903    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3423595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4015      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015791  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6824      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684742    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3425220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4044      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123048  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6853      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126420  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685066    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3425005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4001      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6805      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685023    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3425400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4035      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122774  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6852      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685101    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3425615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4007      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121923  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015680  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6816      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 685143    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3424245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4028      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015717  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 478316    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6832      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126033  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 684869    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
