Sat May 13 03:17:46 AM EDT 2023
----
13815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3706      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105511  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6013      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2781      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13885000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3701      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105369  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6025      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098764  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2794      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3693      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105141  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6019      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2842      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13875000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3683      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104857  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016949  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6005      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098436  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2791      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6023      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2771      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3705      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105483  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6013      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2779      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3685      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104914  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016916  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5991      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2776      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2770      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13690000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3692      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6011      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2753      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13690000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3669      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2754      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3690      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105056  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5997      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098305  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2783      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6010      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098518  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2782      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13705000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5996      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2757      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016982  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6003      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2758      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016916  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5996      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2757      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2767      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5991      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2762      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3718      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105853  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6038      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098977  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2765      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13725000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3700      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105341  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6008      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2761      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2773      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5986      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2807      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3669      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5988      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098157  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2763      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13865000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2789      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13850000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5974      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2787      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3667      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5971      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097878  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2773      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6019      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2766      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13530000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4981      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.141811  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 650       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7131      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2724      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3623      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103148  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 499       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5918      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2773      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3648      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103860  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5923      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2779      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3668      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5969      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2749      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13695000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3719      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105882  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6024      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098747  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2755      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3658      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104145  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5976      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2744      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3659      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5946      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2765      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5976      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2762      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5973      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2773      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13690000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5982      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098059  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2755      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5979      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2757      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3671      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5969      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2746      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13700000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3655      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104059  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5965      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097780  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2757      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3673      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5975      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2750      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5973      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2921      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13725000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3657      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104116  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5956      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097632  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2761      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3656      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104088  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5958      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2763      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13890000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5965      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097780  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2793      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5992      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2756      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13750000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5981      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2766      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5984      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2757      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3666      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5985      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3079      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13710000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3671      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016949  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5973      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2758      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13715000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3679      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5969      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2759      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
