Sat May 13 03:17:27 AM EDT 2023
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4320      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.139602  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020408  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7138      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1521      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4219      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7161      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131192  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1523      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4221      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7166      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131283  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1522      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4237      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7182      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131577  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1517      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4235      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7174      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1528      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4216      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7149      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1532      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4219      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7150      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1516      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4219      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7149      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1513      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4232      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136758  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7173      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131412  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1518      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4228      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7159      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1518      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4221      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7149      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1525      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4219      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7163      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131228  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4223      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136467  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7148      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1524      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4222      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7150      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1519      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4215      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7151      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1532      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4224      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136500  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7163      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131228  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1518      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4214      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136177  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7145      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1519      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4220      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136370  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7143      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130862  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1517      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4216      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7152      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1511      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4209      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7146      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1513      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4215      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7145      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1517      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4366      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.141089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7308      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.133885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1514      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4221      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7155      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4216      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7131      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1530      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4220      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136370  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7170      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7485000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4211      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7140      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1518      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4227      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7158      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1513      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7535000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4211      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7148      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1528      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4211      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7150      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1513      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4206      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.135918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7138      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1521      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4222      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7141      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1522      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4233      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136791  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7165      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4212      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7151      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1519      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4214      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136177  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7143      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130862  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1517      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4222      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7152      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1515      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4219      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7147      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4215      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7140      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1523      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4211      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7140      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1521      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4214      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136177  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7150      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1515      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4218      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136306  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7150      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1520      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4205      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.135886  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7123      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1520      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4220      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136370  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016708  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7169      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131338  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1519      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4220      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136370  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7152      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131027  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1517      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7495000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4223      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136467  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7157      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1519      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4226      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7173      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131412  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1521      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4226      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7151      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1529      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4235      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7156      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.131100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1528      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4222      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7150      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1525      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4227      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7149      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1513      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4209      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136015  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 481702    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7143      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130862  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1521      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
