Sat May 13 03:17:13 AM EDT 2023
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3134      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 198       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5077      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016795  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5108      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5083      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103107  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3102      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5080      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5107      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 207       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3069      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102701  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5074      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5079      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5077      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
885000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3073      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110495  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5053      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3087      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5070      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016795  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3069      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
960000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5070      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 208       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
885000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5046      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5096      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3083      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5054      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 200       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3077      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110639  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5076      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102965  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5094      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
900000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5074      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 197       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102742  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5080      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110819  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5070      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102843  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3070      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016795  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5057      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3103      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5089      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103229  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5063      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102701  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5105      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102539  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016958  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5079      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3088      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5073      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5060      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102641  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5088      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3073      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110495  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5068      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3091      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3099      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5082      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103087  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5103      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3080      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5065      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102742  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3095      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5074      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
910000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3092      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111179  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 199       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3078      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110675  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5071      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5087      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3068      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5066      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3081      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3086      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5084      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016795  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5078      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 194       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3077      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110639  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 239972    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 196       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
