Sat May 13 03:17:11 AM EDT 2023
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2952      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4817      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2890      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4790      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108592  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2881      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4771      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108161  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2901      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4784      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2890      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4801      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108841  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2903      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017184  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4793      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2885      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115464  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4784      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2913      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4806      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2898      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4803      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108886  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2896      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4793      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2911      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4800      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2878      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4778      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2904      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4791      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2886      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115504  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4769      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108116  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2902      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116145  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017002  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4779      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108342  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2881      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4782      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2883      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4782      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2896      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4787      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2874      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4774      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108229  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2896      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4789      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2889      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4783      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2895      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4786      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2889      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017002  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4784      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2890      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4772      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2904      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4797      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2875      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115064  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4782      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2890      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017002  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4778      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2882      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4779      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108342  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2898      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115984  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4788      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2891      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4787      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2899      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4784      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2890      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4795      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2889      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4784      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2906      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116305  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017002  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4793      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2894      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4792      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2905      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116265  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4793      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2899      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4791      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2888      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4796      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2902      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116145  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4792      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2897      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4798      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2900      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116064  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4800      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2885      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115464  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4782      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2910      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4777      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108297  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2885      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115464  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4787      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2889      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4783      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2897      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4795      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2884      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4796      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2891      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4791      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2890      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4787      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2910      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 220412    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4797      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
