Sat May 13 03:22:17 AM EDT 2023
----
367625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5849      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 919       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015468  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9211      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73541     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
369055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5817      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 915       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9244      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73827     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
367320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5829      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061558  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 902       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015182  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9274      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.078049  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73479     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
371725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5792      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9209      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74361     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5797      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 905       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9205      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75135     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5810      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 898       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9236      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75506     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
368350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5818      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061441  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9227      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077653  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73685     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
369490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5797      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 905       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9209      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73912     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
368680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5816      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9246      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73751     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5822      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9238      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077746  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75584     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5788      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9215      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077552  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75577     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
363790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5819      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061452  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 922       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015519  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9209      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 72773     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
366975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5810      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 903       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9244      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73411     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370225000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5787      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9207      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077485  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74060     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5798      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 903       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9223      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077620  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78565     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
376630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5798      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 908       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015283  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9216      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077561  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75341     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5803      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 898       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9231      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75574     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
364990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5793      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061177  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9204      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73013     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
372535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5799      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 905       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9215      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077552  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74521     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
367700000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5796      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9212      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73555     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
378615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5832      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 916       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9277      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.078074  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75739     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
371860000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5797      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 902       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015182  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9204      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74387     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5791      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 903       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9239      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077754  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77929     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
364790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5800      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9222      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077611  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 72973     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5793      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061177  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 904       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015216  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9196      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077393  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78102     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
371805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5790      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9212      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74376     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5811      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9225      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74199     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5796      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9219      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077586  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78766     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5816      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 908       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015283  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9249      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74130     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
373895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5788      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9193      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74794     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
366495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5785      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 897       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9192      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73314     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
364655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5805      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9222      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077611  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 72947     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
382215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5811      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9256      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077898  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76459     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
369745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5796      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9231      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73965     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
372205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5830      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9279      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.078091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74456     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
369710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5795      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061199  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 904       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015216  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9211      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73957     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
368285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5810      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9231      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73672     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
366410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5816      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9239      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077754  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73297     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5796      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9230      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077679  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78419     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
364665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5805      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 905       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9236      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 72948     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
364530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5807      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9241      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 72922     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5802      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061272  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 905       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9222      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077611  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74038     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5790      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 899       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015131  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9210      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74177     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5817      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9267      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74211     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
366075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5822      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061484  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 902       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015182  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9267      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73231     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
371585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5786      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 895       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9212      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74333     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
368670000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5816      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 900       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9245      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077805  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73749     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
368460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5802      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061272  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 901       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9215      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077552  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 73707     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
374220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5811      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 912       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9210      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74859     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
373915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5820      μs
load:bytes               : 94691     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 909       μs
validate:bytes           : 59411     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 118822    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 445934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9240      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077763  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 74798     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
