Sat May 13 03:17:32 AM EDT 2023
----
5075000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5423      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 722       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8872      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.162211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1041      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5070000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5373      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 728       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026620  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8796      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.160822  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1039      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5065000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5402      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 713       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026072  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8830      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161443  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1037      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5050000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5376      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 722       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8818      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1035      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5060000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5394      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169948  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 721       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026364  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8816      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1037      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5050000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5390      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 719       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026291  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8891      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.162558  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1035      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5060000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5375      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 724       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8835      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1037      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5105000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5382      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169570  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 721       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026364  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8805      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.160986  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1046      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5090000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5362      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.168940  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 722       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8804      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.160968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1043      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5085000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5380      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 721       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026364  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8817      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1043      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5050000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5374      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 718       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026255  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8825      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161352  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1035      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5075000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5391      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169854  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026840  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8818      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1039      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5055000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5375      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 729       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026657  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8874      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.162248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1036      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5055000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5368      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169129  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 724       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8817      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1035      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5105000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5393      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 723       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8869      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.162156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1047      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5085000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5389      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169791  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 723       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8819      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1042      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5055000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5376      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 722       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8822      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.161297  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1037      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3055000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5194      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.163647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 719       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026291  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6908      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 628       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3267      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5319      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 639       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3275      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5362      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098036  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 628       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3276      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103216  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5361      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098018  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3272      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103090  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5382      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5388      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098511  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 637       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103847  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5420      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099096  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103374  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5410      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3286      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103531  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5377      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098310  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5417      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099041  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 637       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5391      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098566  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 644       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5429      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5371      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098200  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104004  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104162  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5408      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098877  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 640       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104162  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5394      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098621  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104162  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104319  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099627  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3125000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 640       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5396      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5425      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104067  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 638       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104792  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099791  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 643       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3318      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016162  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099115  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 639       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104099  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5403      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5419      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099078  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 638       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5425      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5423      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 643       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3135000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 642       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3292      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103720  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5443      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099517  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
