Sat May 13 03:20:52 AM EDT 2023
----
392420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6339      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069913  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1054      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9846      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087051  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78502     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9935      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79053     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6080      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9864      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087210  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78710     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392905000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6092      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9903      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78596     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
412185000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6142      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9944      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82453     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392905000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6080      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9880      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087351  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78595     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
415530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6078      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067035  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9879      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087342  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83121     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6075      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067001  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9882      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087369  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78422     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6074      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9876      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78409     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6070      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 837       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9883      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087378  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79974     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6071      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066957  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9872      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78792     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393935000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6080      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9862      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087192  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78803     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
408515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6082      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067079  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9908      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81717     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6085      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9911      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78412     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390190000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6100      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014924  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9919      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78053     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6074      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9857      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087148  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78065     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391930000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6072      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9884      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78401     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393690000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6110      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9896      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78753     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6079      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9889      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087431  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78292     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
378190000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 7381      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1127      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10639     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75655     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
379495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5905      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065127  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 817       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014446  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9591      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75913     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5867      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 828       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014641  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9550      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77114     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
376200000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5855      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064575  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 818       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014464  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9515      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75254     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377625000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5860      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 829       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014658  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9507      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084053  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75540     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
378645000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5860      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 821       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9533      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084283  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75744     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
381660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5849      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 812       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014358  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9518      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76347     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392115000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5860      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 814       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014393  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9510      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084080  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78437     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
378095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5885      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 828       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014641  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9564      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084557  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75633     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5861      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064641  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 817       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014446  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9521      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084177  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76136     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
379195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5883      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064884  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 822       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014535  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9532      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75853     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405080000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 8426      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.092931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1803      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.031881  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 11221     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81034     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6104      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 939       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016603  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9669      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75529     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380280000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5899      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 836       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9582      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084716  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76071     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
379055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5879      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 821       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9548      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75825     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
382075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5876      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064807  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 817       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014446  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9552      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76430     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
379835000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5870      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 826       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9558      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75982     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5892      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 820       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9587      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084761  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77511     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
533595000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5865      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 821       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9542      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 106734    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
384590000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5850      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 816       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014428  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9529      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76933     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377875000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5892      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 824       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014570  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9574      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75590     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
378915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5896      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 825       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9580      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084699  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75798     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5897      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065038  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 822       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014535  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9575      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75593     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5892      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 827       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9572      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75526     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
381370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5884      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064895  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 822       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014535  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9566      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76288     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
377145000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5874      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064785  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 823       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9545      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75443     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5890      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064961  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 828       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014641  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9589      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084778  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78917     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
378540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5869      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 826       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014605  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9548      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75723     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
376500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5872      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064763  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 820       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9547      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 75314     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385040000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5889      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 821       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9568      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084593  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77023     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
383045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5883      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064884  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 823       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9553      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 76623     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
