Sat May 13 03:17:28 AM EDT 2023
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4332      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.139990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 730       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026747  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6106      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.111864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5412      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099149  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1950000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5425      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099388  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 404       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1960000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 406       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3355      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108418  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5485      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 416       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3321      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107319  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 407       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3327      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016708  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3323      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5445      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099754  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5454      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099919  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 419       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4803      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.155210  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 567       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6757      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123790  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 412       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1950000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5417      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099241  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 405       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 492       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5415      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 406       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3348      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108191  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5480      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107868  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5460      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5471      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100230  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5476      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 404       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3342      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5462      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3351      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5488      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107287  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5445      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099754  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 407       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1960000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3321      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107319  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 461       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5468      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100175  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 407       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3326      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5464      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107254  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3327      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5463      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 407       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3337      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107836  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 466       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017074  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5459      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5472      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3321      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107319  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5456      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5439      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3333      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5469      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100194  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3325      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 412       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1960000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 406       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106802  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5446      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099772  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 407       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3317      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016708  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5459      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108030  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5465      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1960000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3329      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107577  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5448      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099809  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 406       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 469       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017184  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5445      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099754  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3376      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109096  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5499      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100743  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 415       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3327      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 413       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5456      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 408       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5456      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107416  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5473      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100267  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3321      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107319  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 409       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 410       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3333      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 407       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107739  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5466      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 411       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3336      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 244634    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5471      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100230  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 412       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
