Sat May 13 03:18:38 AM EDT 2023
----
134320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4643      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 700       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7461      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26880     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4527      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7458      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27116     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4503      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7431      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27108     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4523      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7525      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104160  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26945     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4499      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7425      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26658     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135215000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4501      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7449      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27059     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4505      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7449      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26759     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4524      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7449      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26744     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4527      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7446      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26816     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4496      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107205  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 597       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016527  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7418      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102679  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27216     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4520      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016693  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7433      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102887  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26938     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4509      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7464      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27492     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4530      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7447      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27066     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133885000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4514      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016610  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7440      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4511      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7454      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103178  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4504      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107396  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7404      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26912     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4499      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7433      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102887  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26831     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4518      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7475      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26780     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136220000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4520      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7464      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27260     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4500      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7439      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27678     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4520      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7450      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27150     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136865000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4501      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7444      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27388     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7423      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26962     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138880000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4521      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7450      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4526      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107921  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7445      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103053  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27024     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4492      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107110  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7413      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26986     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
130670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4503      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7454      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103178  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26150     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136215000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4507      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7439      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27259     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4543      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7471      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26906     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4489      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107038  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7406      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27958     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4524      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7450      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27106     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4516      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7460      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27385     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
129705000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4496      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107205  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7430      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 25955     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4515      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7443      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103025  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27149     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4501      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7439      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102970  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26852     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7446      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27029     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137495000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4493      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107134  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7407      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27515     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4503      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7442      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27284     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4580      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7501      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103828  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26714     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4493      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107134  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7409      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26489     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136125000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4505      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7424      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27241     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7418      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102679  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26573     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4507      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016610  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7432      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26489     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4509      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7440      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27248     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4499      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7421      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102721  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27022     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4852      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115694  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 732       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020264  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7640      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105752  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27108     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4555      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108612  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016499  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7521      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27342     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4537      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016610  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7485      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27229     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
142810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4534      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108111  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7479      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28581     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138275000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4544      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7516      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104036  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27670     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
