Sat May 13 03:36:25 AM EDT 2023
----
1904320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3869      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100186  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 661       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022510  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6022      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102540  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380883    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1903095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3812      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098710  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6078      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380637    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1913775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3812      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098710  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6098      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103834  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382773    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1908315000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3813      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6069      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381681    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1916860000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3813      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 597       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6081      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 383390    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1912060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3819      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020433  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6081      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382429    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1903365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3810      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020262  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6078      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380692    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1904210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3826      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099072  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6108      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104004  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380860    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1905620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3801      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 607       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6076      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381142    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1906335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3851      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099720  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 613       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020875  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6094      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381286    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1907330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3808      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098606  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020228  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6065      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381484    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1907830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3823      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6083      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381583    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1903245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3814      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6115      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380666    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1901055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3813      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020603  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6068      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103323  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380229    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1912775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3791      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6066      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382574    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1902740000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3819      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020603  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6084      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 380566    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1909870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3822      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098969  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 593       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6096      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381992    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1905960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3839      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099409  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6107      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381210    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1914050000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 4039      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 772       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026290  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6121      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382828    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1919830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3813      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 576       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019615  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6144      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 383985    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1919430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3837      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 597       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020331  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6125      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104294  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 383903    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1912185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3829      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099150  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6104      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103936  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382458    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1910350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3824      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020603  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6101      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382088    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1911855000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3815      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6093      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382389    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1911055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3845      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 614       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6105      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382229    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1834155000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 5304      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.137345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 760       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025882  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7210      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122769  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 366849    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1835610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5863      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099833  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367139    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1836890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3672      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5851      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367395    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1834435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019820  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5840      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099441  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 366911    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1842985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 584       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019888  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5855      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 368614    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1840560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3684      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095395  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5865      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 368130    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1839415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095136  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5861      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099799  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367900    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1838920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095188  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019956  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5896      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367802    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1835305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3642      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.094308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018968  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5842      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367080    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1836890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3639      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.094230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 544       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018526  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5839      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099424  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367396    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1836665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.095499  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019956  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5860      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099782  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 367350    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1887130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 5328      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.137966  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 728       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024792  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7360      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.125323  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 377445    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1890165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3776      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 596       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020296  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6011      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 378052    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1915785000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 5091      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 743       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025303  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7159      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 383177    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1909200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3819      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020467  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6090      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381859    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1914610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3823      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020433  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6095      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382939    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1913455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3842      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 607       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6114      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104107  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382708    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1929630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3820      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020467  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6084      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 385944    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1909915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3817      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020603  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6091      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382001    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1913710000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3823      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098995  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020535  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6091      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382760    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1915185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3819      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 606       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020637  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6094      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 383054    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1913715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3820      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 604       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020569  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6096      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382763    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1916210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3856      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 607       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6132      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 383261    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1911790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3845      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099564  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 608       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6108      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104004  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 382375    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1909710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3827      μs
load:bytes               : 38618     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099098  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 29364     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020467  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 58728     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 291178    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6096      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 381961    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
