Sat May 13 03:17:12 AM EDT 2023
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2941      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4699      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2848      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4696      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106461  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2876      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018725  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4653      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2813      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4651      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2885      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115464  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019315  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4658      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105599  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2843      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4686      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2904      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019133  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4683      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106166  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2829      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4666      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105781  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2878      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019496  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4653      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2837      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4688      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3030      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121267  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 464       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021038  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4736      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4622      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2864      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018861  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4644      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2833      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113383  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4670      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2884      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4664      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2841      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4690      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2864      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019496  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4612      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2819      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4654      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2872      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018635  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4656      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105554  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2841      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4689      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2865      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4629      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2827      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4674      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2857      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019360  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4614      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2814      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4647      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2872      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4657      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2828      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4668      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105826  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2887      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115544  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019859  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4634      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105055  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2820      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4661      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2809      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4654      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2832      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4670      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2818      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4657      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2856      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4693      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106393  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2991      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020947  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4734      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2829      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4679      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2832      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017002  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4674      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2842      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4695      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106438  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2844      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4695      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106438  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2834      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4708      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2857      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4704      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2831      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4707      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2857      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4705      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2835      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113463  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4684      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2852      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114143  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4700      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2832      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4692      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106370  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2833      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113383  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4689      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2848      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4699      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106529  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2975      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119066  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4698      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106506  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2799      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112022  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4633      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4649      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2808      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4657      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
