Sat May 13 03:17:10 AM EDT 2023
----
15000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122148  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020494  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4824      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109362  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4269      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020947  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5949      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.134867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 114       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4644      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2792      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111742  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4628      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104919  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2810      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4638      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2790      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111662  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4626      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2806      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4646      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 33        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4664      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2808      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4657      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2825      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4656      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105554  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2796      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4646      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2809      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4640      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4650      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2813      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4652      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 29        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2804      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4649      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2810      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4652      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 24        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2816      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4665      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2826      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 24        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2805      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4637      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2818      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4648      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2804      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4670      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2811      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112503  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4644      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2810      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017093  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4640      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 24        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2804      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4652      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2813      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4661      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2796      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4645      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2832      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4671      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2810      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4664      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2804      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4638      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2839      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4682      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2809      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4655      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105531  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2815      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112663  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4650      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2831      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4650      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2822      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112943  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4643      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2809      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4651      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2798      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111982  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4642      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2830      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4668      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105826  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2820      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4667      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2806      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 356       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016141  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4649      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2817      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4660      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2806      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4638      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2805      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4631      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2793      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4640      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2814      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4643      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2813      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112583  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4661      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2801      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016368  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4647      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2818      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4649      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2819      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4657      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2808      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4642      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2823      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 205822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4661      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 17        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
