Sat May 13 03:17:17 AM EDT 2023
----
1410000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3277      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114962  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 536       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021681  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5018      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 300       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104227  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2984      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4903      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 299       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2990      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104893  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4912      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2987      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099243  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 301       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104964  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4923      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4945      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3006      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105455  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4952      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3072      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5006      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 308       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3004      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4968      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100477  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3048      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4982      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3012      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4940      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3024      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4954      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100194  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2994      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105034  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4937      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099850  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 313       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3012      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4932      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015613  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4957      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100254  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3019      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4945      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1515000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2998      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4926      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099627  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 319       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3001      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4944      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3003      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4927      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099648  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2998      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4931      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4962      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100355  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3006      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105455  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4961      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3024      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4968      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100477  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3013      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4940      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 314       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3024      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4956      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5003      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4979      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100699  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3078      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5022      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3014      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4974      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3016      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4965      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 312       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4965      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3022      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4950      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3003      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4934      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099789  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3019      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4959      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4948      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100072  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3011      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4978      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100679  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 311       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3022      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4943      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099971  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2998      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4947      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100052  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3000      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4944      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3001      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105279  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4932      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3008      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4956      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100234  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3005      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4931      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3019      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4955      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3016      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4944      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2995      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105069  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4927      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099648  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3002      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4919      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3006      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105455  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4963      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104964  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4941      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099931  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3000      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245020    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4946      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
