Sat May 13 03:17:42 AM EDT 2023
----
45690000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3572      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5923      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9161      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3539      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5902      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9154      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3548      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5913      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9165      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3521      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5890      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9164      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3529      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5905      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119791  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9084      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3541      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5907      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119832  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9137      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3525      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5898      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3512      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5886      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119406  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9093      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45505000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3515      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3517      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5888      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119446  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9090      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3510      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5885      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119385  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9145      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3521      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5887      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9132      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3541      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5914      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119974  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9158      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3512      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5879      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3527      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5898      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9114      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3521      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5901      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9108      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3504      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5887      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3525      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9176      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3524      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5901      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9115      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3517      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9107      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3523      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5899      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9094      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
46550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3526      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121665  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5900      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119690  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9332      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3515      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5889      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119466  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9094      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3513      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121217  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5882      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9110      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3508      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121044  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5877      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3515      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5885      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119385  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9116      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3527      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5909      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119872  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9112      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3521      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9142      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3525      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9105      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3519      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5908      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9136      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3510      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3514      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5888      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119446  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9111      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45500000
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3505      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5884      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3519      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5886      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119406  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9147      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3538      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122079  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5912      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3533      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121907  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5904      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9098      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3511      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121148  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5871      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9135      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3516      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121320  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5897      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119629  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3514      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3514      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9166      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3513      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121217  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5886      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119406  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9135      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3516      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121320  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5890      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3504      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119203  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9114      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3504      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5922      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120136  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9126      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45570000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3534      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5935      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120400  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9136      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3510      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5889      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119466  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3509      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121079  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5866      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9107      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3516      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121320  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9142      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3519      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5888      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119446  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9132      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
45505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3521      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121493  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 398244    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
