Sat May 13 03:17:13 AM EDT 2023
----
3420000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3825      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.137535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 665       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026978  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5846      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118584  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 706       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3485      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015903  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5846      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118584  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 709       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3479      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125094  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5841      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118483  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 710       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3499      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5874      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119152  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3489      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125453  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5870      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3505      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015903  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5887      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3498      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125777  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5861      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118889  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3492      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5863      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118929  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 728       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3497      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5867      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3496      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5884      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119355  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3495      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5859      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118848  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3490      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5861      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118889  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 710       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3493      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5858      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118828  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3527      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5906      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3505      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 710       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3506      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126065  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5907      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119822  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3502      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125921  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015903  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5892      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119518  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 717       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3501      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015822  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119497  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 718       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3499      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015781  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5877      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119213  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3507      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5868      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119031  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 718       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3525000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3495      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5866      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 725       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3490      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119092  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3501      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5877      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119213  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3514      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119193  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3508      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5880      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3524      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5908      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119842  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3534      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127072  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5935      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120390  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3501      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3515      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5886      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119396  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3497      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5862      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 713       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3501      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5877      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119213  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3515      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5869      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119051  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3496      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5861      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118889  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3481      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5874      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119152  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 716       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3491      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119092  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3495      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5880      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3508      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015903  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119558  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3504      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015862  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5902      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119720  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3494      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3496      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5870      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3487      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015984  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5870      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3492      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5853      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 726       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3497      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5859      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118848  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 723       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3486      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5847      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 711       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3499      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119092  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 712       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3511      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5885      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3504      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119193  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 714       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3507      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 715       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3495000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3502      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125921  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5875      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 719       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3505      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 434540    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 710       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
