Sat May 13 03:17:29 AM EDT 2023
----
15335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4363      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.141403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 612       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7027      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129453  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3091      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4045      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131097  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6891      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3106      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15520000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4068      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131842  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6920      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127482  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3124      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4082      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6920      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127482  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3127      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4062      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131648  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6940      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127850  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3113      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4243      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.137514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020596  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6964      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3105      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15525000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4063      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131680  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6957      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3125      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15520000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4076      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6938      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127814  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3125      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4091      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6964      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3132      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4098      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6982      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3134      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4105      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6974      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128477  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3138      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4111      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133236  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6973      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3145      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4086      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7050      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129877  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4095      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132717  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6967      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3144      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4100      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132879  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6968      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3133      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15655000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4096      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6975      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3152      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4098      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6967      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3145      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4100      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132879  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6948      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127998  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3152      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4094      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6955      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3128      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4074      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6939      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127832  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4083      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132328  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6944      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3127      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4082      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6942      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127887  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4090      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7033      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3154      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4090      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6962      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3127      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4084      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132361  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6946      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3120      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4090      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6962      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3132      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4078      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6934      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3134      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4085      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132393  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6960      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4086      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6936      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3137      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4076      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6936      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3131      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4090      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6944      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3133      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4086      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6955      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3134      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4116      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133398  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6972      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3145      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4105      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6952      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3133      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15550000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4080      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6956      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128145  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3131      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4087      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6930      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127666  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3123      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4082      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6982      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4123      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133625  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6977      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4089      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132523  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6941      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127869  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3123      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4096      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6975      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3153      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4112      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133268  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6977      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4082      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132296  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6950      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128035  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4078      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6963      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3143      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4084      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132361  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016580  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7037      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3143      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4101      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132912  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6973      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3126      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15535000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4096      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6952      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3128      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4083      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132328  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6958      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3133      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15525000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4094      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6961      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128237  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3126      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4081      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132263  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6949      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3141      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4078      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6945      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3131      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
