Sat May 13 03:17:38 AM EDT 2023
----
4730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3642      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100641  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5901      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 964       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4735000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3615      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015996  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 963       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3649      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5947      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 974       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3623      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100116  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5909      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093772  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 970       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3626      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5910      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3639      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100558  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5913      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3608      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5894      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3611      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5880      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093312  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4745000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3607      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5874      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3606      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5882      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3606      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5869      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3603      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 972       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3614      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5879      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3611      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5888      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3615      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3608      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5875      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3608      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5872      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3617      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5890      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3613      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093360  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 971       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3618      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5879      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3611      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5914      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3610      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5878      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3613      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5878      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3609      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016377  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5875      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3608      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3609      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5890      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 983       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3609      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5884      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4835000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3619      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100005  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5901      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 983       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3615      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099894  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5884      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3614      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5880      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093312  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 971       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3606      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5877      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 974       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3610      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016377  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5872      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3612      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093201  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3608      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5881      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3611      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015932  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5882      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3612      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5884      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3606      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099646  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093201  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 970       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3607      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5886      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 969       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3611      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099784  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5889      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093455  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 970       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3612      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5872      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 968       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3614      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5885      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093391  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 970       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4815000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3614      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5891      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 981       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3636      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100475  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 529       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5893      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093518  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 966       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4750000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3619      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100005  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5885      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093391  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 967       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3609      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5872      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 973       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3607      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099673  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5876      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 972       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3610      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093360  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 973       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3616      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099922  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5883      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093360  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 971       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3604      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099591  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5873      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093201  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 971       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3610      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016440  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 274724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5866      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 970       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
