Sat May 13 03:17:23 AM EDT 2023
----
10375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3471      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131129  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018823  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5678      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122847  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2097      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5622      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2101      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3349      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5602      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121202  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3355      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5617      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2134      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3332      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125878  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5604      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121246  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2138      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10525000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5616      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2125      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016010  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5610      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2123      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3362      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5646      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122154  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10595000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5609      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2140      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3349      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015967  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2116      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5608      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121332  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2139      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3371      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016183  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5648      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122198  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2127      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3361      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016832  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5633      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5626      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3349      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5624      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3359      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5634      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2114      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5650      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122241  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5629      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121787  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2120      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5646      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122154  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2127      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10580000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5611      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121397  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2137      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3350      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126558  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016053  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5613      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2140      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3337      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126067  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5607      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121311  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2132      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3379      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5660      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5633      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2135      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10590000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3364      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127087  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5649      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2139      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3354      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126709  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5638      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3335      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125991  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5606      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5624      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3352      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5639      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122003  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2122      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3355      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5616      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3339      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5604      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121246  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3357      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5629      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121787  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3371      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016010  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5635      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121916  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126369  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5608      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121332  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2128      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2130      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10535000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3345      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126369  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5618      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121549  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2128      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3346      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126407  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5620      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121592  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2118      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5610      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5626      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3328      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2122      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5619      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121570  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2120      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3352      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5609      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3351      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016183  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5612      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016096  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5611      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121397  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5629      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121787  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3338      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016183  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5600      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121159  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3343      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5615      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121484  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2129      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3341      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5626      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2119      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5628      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2117      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
10500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3347      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 408492    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5628      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2121      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
