Sat May 13 03:17:43 AM EDT 2023
----
13975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3764      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5966      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2812      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14000000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3664      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5995      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2817      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6015      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098600  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2817      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 500       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5986      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2831      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3656      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104088  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5975      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2812      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13940000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104629  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6016      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2804      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6006      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2822      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3667      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5978      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2819      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14105000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3661      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5972      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2837      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3655      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104059  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5983      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2809      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3676      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2811      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3669      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5991      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2816      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14115000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3660      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104202  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5978      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2840      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016982  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6050      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2816      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13955000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6014      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2808      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5984      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2831      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14160000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3667      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5981      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2848      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3671      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5995      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2822      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3666      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 499       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5983      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2826      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13930000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3661      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5978      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2802      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5970      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097862  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2825      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3649      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103889  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 502       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016457  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5979      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2812      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3696      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105227  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 573       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5904      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096780  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2760      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14025000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4602      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 810       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6593      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108074  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2822      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6035      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098927  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2827      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3679      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104743  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6016      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2831      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14040000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3698      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105284  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6046      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2825      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3694      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105170  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6028      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2836      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3700      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105341  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6034      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098911  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3681      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6033      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2838      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3683      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104857  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016621  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6021      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2824      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6031      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098862  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6043      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099059  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2824      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3682      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016785  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6007      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2853      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6036      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2832      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3695      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6042      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3697      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105255  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6046      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2819      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14160000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017015  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6025      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098764  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2849      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016523  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6035      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098927  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2818      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 513       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6040      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 499       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6036      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2843      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14135000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6016      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2845      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6024      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098747  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2830      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3691      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6036      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2835      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14045000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104970  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6044      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099075  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2825      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14125000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3677      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6006      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2842      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 503       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016490  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6037      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2828      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3684      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104885  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016851  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6033      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2835      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3741      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106508  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 609       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019965  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5881      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2746      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
13875000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5472      μs
load:bytes               : 35124     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.155790  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 806       μs
validate:bytes           : 30502     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026424  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 61004     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 269722    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7357      μs
spc:functions            : 128       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2792      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
