Sat May 13 03:22:58 AM EDT 2023
----
900810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6159      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067988  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10029     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180182    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
969625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6183      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10065     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089121  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 193944    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906235000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6163      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068032  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10015     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181266    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
909545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6174      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10024     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181928    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
915435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6168      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068087  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015141  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10014     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183106    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6154      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10030     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181362    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
897555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6142      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10003     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088572  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179528    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
913200000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6184      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015371  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10025     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182658    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
916570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6152      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015141  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10017     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088696  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183332    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
904295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6151      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10002     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088563  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180878    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
922440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6170      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068109  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10021     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184507    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
903080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6154      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9997      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180634    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
902860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6205      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068496  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015353  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10060     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089076  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180591    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
905280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6151      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10000     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181075    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
922450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6149      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10008     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184509    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
902975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6147      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10000     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180613    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
901710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6150      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067889  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10005     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088589  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180360    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
903235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6146      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067844  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10002     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088563  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180664    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6159      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067988  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10005     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088589  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181312    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
902165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6151      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9992      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180451    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
911660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6142      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015105  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9995      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182350    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
901635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6151      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10014     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180346    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
904040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6156      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067955  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015247  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9988      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180827    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
898630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6141      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015105  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9979      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 179744    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
900670000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6138      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9986      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180154    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
904295000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6143      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067811  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9971      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180878    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
910195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6158      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10007     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182057    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906150000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6154      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015212  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10055     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181249    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
900930000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6154      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10009     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180206    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
911060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6173      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10022     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182230    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
907945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6185      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10065     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089121  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181608    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
909360000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6164      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068043  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10032     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088829  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181891    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
904940000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6193      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068363  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015105  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10046     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181006    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
909345000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6160      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10011     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181889    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
914705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6151      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067900  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10025     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182959    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
899995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6157      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067966  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10024     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180017    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6200      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015389  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10044     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181268    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
911295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6164      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068043  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10019     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088713  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182278    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
907850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6205      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068496  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10037     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181587    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
976380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6153      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067922  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10010     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088634  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 195295    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
908465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6132      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067690  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9975      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181711    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
985565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6162      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10005     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088589  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 197132    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
901910000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6161      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068010  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10007     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180402    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
909370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6199      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10099     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089422  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181894    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906315000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6162      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10019     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088713  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181284    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
906370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6306      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 873       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015460  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10201     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181295    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
912985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6193      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068363  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015105  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10109     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 182617    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
916295000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6331      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1040      μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9961      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088200  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 183282    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
923325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6228      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10144     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 184683    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
908365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6170      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068109  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 519124    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10032     μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088829  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 181691    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
