Sat May 13 03:17:23 AM EDT 2023
----
8035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3350      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126558  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016962  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5629      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121787  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1629      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8025000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3313      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125160  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5558      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1626      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3336      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5580      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1622      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3421      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5762      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124664  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1637      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7950000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3369      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127276  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5639      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122003  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1611      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3349      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017092  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5608      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121332  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1631      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125500  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5573      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1618      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5551      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120099  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1615      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124480  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5553      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120142  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1626      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5559      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1629      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8025000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5546      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119991  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1626      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016832  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5562      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120337  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1625      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5543      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1620      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5549      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1627      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5552      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120121  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1638      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3318      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5551      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120099  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1625      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124329  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5537      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1618      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5530      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1613      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5540      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119861  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1617      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5535      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1613      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5537      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1612      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5524      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5551      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120099  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3316      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5564      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120380  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1615      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7940000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3319      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5570      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1608      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7940000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125009  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5544      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1608      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7935000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3289      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016443  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5526      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119558  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1608      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5536      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1613      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5525      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5547      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124178  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5525      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1616      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5519      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1615      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3285      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5534      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1611      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124291  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5519      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1615      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5550      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1619      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5595      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121051  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1611      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016226  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5522      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1616      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124896  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016096  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5525      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1611      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5543      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1619      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7980000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5548      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120034  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1616      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124971  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5541      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1616      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5536      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1619      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3320      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5539      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1620      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7985000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016399  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5542      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1616      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7975000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125009  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016659  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5532      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7940000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5525      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119536  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1608      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124744  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5529      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119623  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1613      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5530      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1614      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3306      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124896  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016572  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5536      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1613      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
7960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3304      μs
load:bytes               : 26470     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23110     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46220     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 376724    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5539      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1613      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
