Sat May 13 03:18:12 AM EDT 2023
----
76160000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5040      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.138560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 641       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019956  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7108      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.110647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15248     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77975000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3822      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018212  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6035      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15613     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3671      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100923  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 534       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016625  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5960      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092777  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15630     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78135000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3659      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 532       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5932      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092341  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15643     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3668      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5935      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15609     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78125000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100676  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15640     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100896  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 534       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016625  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5933      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092356  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15618     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77925000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3665      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100758  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5941      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15600     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3646      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100236  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5942      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15574     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3722      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 548       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017061  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6015      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15686     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
113680000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 6002      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165007  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026681  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9736      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.151556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22759     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3882      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 670       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020859  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5944      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15545     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3653      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100428  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5921      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15660     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3660      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100621  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5944      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15641     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3644      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5917      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092107  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15619     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
75915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3964      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 827       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025747  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5884      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15200     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77320000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 4583      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6484      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15481     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3650      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5936      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15540     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5095      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.140072  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 666       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7265      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15596     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3675      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5973      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092979  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15585     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77700000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5434      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.149392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 691       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7537      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15557     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3664      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100731  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5951      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15634     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3735      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6020      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15657     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3667      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100813  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5955      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092699  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15592     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3659      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5962      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092808  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15531     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3661      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100648  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5922      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15530     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3629      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016033  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5904      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15545     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3701      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101748  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093244  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15616     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3636      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099961  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5906      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091936  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15551     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3638      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016127  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5899      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091827  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15516     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3632      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016127  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5912      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15516     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3657      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5922      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15558     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3631      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5898      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15531     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77490000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3637      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099989  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 520       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5957      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15515     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3662      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100676  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5939      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15543     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3631      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5895      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15557     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101006  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5949      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15535     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78740000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3622      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099576  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016095  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5907      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091952  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15763     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3640      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5927      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15561     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3653      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100428  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 534       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016625  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5914      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092061  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15532     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
77860000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3630      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5903      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091889  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15588     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
75935000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 4058      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 683       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021264  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6090      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15204     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78310000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5408      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.148677  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026494  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7333      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114150  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15681     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78595000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101336  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 532       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6021      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15735     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78685000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3678      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101116  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5992      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15753     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78960000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3680      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 538       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016749  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5970      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092932  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15808     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78565000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3702      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 529       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6001      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093415  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15729     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101363  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5982      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15716     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3674      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101006  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5969      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15728     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
78495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3670      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100896  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 241586    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5964      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15714     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
