Sat May 13 03:18:07 AM EDT 2023
----
100960000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 4037      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 576       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017932  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6457      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20216     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
101045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3919      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 535       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016656  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6425      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20234     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
101580000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3941      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 538       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016749  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6427      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100046  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20338     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3915      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6387      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099424  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20057     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3867      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6356      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098941  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20119     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3852      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105899  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6320      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098381  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20046     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3844      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6290      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20055     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3831      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105322  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6281      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20024     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3842      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6281      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20142     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3823      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6263      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19941     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100185000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3849      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016095  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6297      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20055     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3826      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6283      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097805  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19978     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3836      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 518       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016127  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6287      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19996     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3831      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105322  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6288      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19973     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99465000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 5029      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.138258  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 664       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020672  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7328      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114072  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19915     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3856      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106009  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6321      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098396  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20091     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3829      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105267  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6266      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097540  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20061     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3836      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6280      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20024     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3829      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105267  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6266      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097540  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20034     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3818      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 532       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6268      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20030     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
101505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3837      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6287      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20319     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3839      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6301      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098085  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19975     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3825      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6273      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20050     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3847      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6292      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19986     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99875000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3823      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6282      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097789  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19994     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3837      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6294      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19966     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3837      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6288      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20055     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3833      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6333      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20021     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3826      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 516       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6275      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097680  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20017     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99865000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3839      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6302      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098100  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19992     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100480000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3818      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016407  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6265      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097524  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20116     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3844      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6299      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20128     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3839      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6287      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19984     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99875000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3826      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6280      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19995     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100170000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3814      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 522       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6242      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097166  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20053     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3830      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105294  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6290      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19996     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3867      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 533       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6335      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20021     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99965000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3832      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105349  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6297      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20012     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3823      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105102  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 526       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6267      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20127     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3818      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6264      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097509  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20049     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3816      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6266      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097540  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20177     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100120000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3840      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105569  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 528       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6292      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20042     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3813      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6251      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20024     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3820      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105020  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 525       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6259      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097431  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19971     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3820      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105020  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 530       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6273      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097649  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19981     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3816      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016282  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6263      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20023     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3856      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106009  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6301      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098085  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20000     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3819      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 524       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097742  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20023     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
99810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3818      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 531       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6258      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097415  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19981     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
100160000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3846      μs
load:bytes               : 36374     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 529       μs
validate:bytes           : 32120     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 64240     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 301674    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6290      μs
spc:functions            : 104       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20052     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
