Sat May 13 03:29:22 AM EDT 2023
----
2853760000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3901      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118697  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 463       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017082  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6415      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570778    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3831      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6378      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570556    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2853010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3814      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6343      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570623    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2854795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3833      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6383      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570981    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852730000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3793      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016750  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6323      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570567    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852730000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3814      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6352      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117178  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570568    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3785      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115168  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6315      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570574    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3793      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6337      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570468    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3788      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6329      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570532    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3792      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016196  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6319      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570517    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2853435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3779      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6307      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570708    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857200000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3778      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114955  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6317      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571462    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2856145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3783      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6321      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571249    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3791      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6329      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570465    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2851735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3782      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115076  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6317      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570368    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2851795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3784      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6318      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116551  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570379    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3798      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6343      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117012  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570476    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852925000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3796      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6335      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570606    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2851615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3799      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115594  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016860  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6325      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116680  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570345    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2855560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3781      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6322      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571134    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3778      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114955  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6304      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570495    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2853765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3781      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6322      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570773    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3787      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115228  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6323      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570524    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3783      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016344  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6368      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117473  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570491    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2853005000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3783      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115107  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6322      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570623    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2854565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3798      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016270  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6334      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570935    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3798      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016565  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6335      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570481    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3785      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115168  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6322      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570480    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852905000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3835      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 491       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6298      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570602    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2855455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3795      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6331      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116790  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571112    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2852705000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3792      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016565  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6334      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116846  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 570564    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2875615000
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5525      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.168111  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 984       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.036304  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7485      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138079  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 575148    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857105000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4474      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.136132  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 748       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027597  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6700      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123597  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571447    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3814      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116050  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016602  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6372      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117547  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571498    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2858195000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3803      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115715  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6362      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117362  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571660    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3789      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115289  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6339      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116938  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571473    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016824  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6359      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571521    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2950635000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 8437      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.256716  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 990       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.036525  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 14000     μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.258264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 590162    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3793      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016602  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6348      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117104  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571478    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2856450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3788      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6331      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116790  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571312    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857240000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3806      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115807  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016787  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6358      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571470    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2858180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016159  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6349      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571658    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2865845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6359      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 573191    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3791      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016492  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6340      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571523    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2856800000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3822      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116293  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6388      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117842  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571381    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3798      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016565  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6345      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117049  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571436    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2856150000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3931      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021804  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6287      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115979  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571250    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3794      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115441  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016639  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6360      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571620    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2856605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3802      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016565  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6350      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571341    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2857025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 32865     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27104     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54208     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 443292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6344      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 571426    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
