Sat May 13 03:17:16 AM EDT 2023
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2941      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4843      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098271  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2965      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107194  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4873      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098879  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2952      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4862      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2980      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107158  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4881      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4891      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4896      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2994      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4903      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107809  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4914      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2968      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4880      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099021  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2980      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4890      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2955      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106832  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 93        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2981      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107772  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2984      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107881  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2983      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4915      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107809  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4901      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2989      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108062  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4901      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2968      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4887      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2998      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108387  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015989  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2979      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4903      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2979      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016679  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2994      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016760  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4886      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4886      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2981      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107772  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4885      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3181      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115003  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 523       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4943      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2988      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108026  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4898      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 93        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2986      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4898      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4853      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107158  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4866      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4870      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2951      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4861      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2945      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4843      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098271  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106869  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4865      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098717  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4872      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2965      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107194  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4869      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 107       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2973      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107483  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2945      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4868      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098778  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4885      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2954      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4855      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098514  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2979      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 195932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 95        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
