Sat May 13 03:17:42 AM EDT 2023
----
15815000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3194      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110210  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017324  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3180      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3168      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5231      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106118  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3199      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15965000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3149      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108657  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5188      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105246  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3208      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15945000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3164      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5208      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3204      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15930000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3164      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5211      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105712  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3202      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3169      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5206      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105611  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3185      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3180      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5217      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105834  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3186      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15925000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5206      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105611  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3201      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3152      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3177      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15935000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3180      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109727  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5229      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3204      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15900000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3143      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5163      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3197      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3156      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108898  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3149      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15870000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3145      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5180      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3191      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3175      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109554  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5192      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3181      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15860000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3173      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5198      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3187      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15985000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3148      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108622  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3213      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3158      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5200      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105489  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3222      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108726  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5189      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105266  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3184      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3154      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016837  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5190      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3178      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3155      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5170      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104880  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3205      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15865000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3170      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109382  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5194      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3188      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
16130000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3202      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016756  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5213      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3242      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15890000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3150      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108691  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5163      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.104738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3194      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3174      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5205      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3181      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15880000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3173      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5224      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3191      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15990000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3163      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109140  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3214      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3165      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5196      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3199      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3146      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5185      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3210      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3151      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108726  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5182      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3198      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3446      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5320      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.107923  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3125      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15275000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 4623      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.159518  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020692  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6416      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130157  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3073      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3029      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104516  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4979      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3068      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3067      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015985  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5036      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3070      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15335000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016026  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5016      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101756  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3082      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3053      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015945  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5003      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101493  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3097      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3047      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5010      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3080      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3044      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105034  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016026  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4997      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3094      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105758  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015782  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5035      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102142  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3072      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016026  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3091      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15440000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3079      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5033      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3103      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15670000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3043      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015863  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5012      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3149      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015985  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5014      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101716  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3124      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3120      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015904  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5089      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103237  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3075      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3058      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105517  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5039      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3101      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3061      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5004      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101513  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3098      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3104      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5055      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102547  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3092      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3053      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015863  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5013      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3091      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3041      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104930  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015823  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5013      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3080      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3049      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015985  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3092      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
15395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3107      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015904  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 223122    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5095      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3094      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
