Sat May 13 03:21:28 AM EDT 2023
----
388710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6293      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1075      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019008  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9804      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086679  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77759     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
401640000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6143      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067751  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9960      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088058  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80343     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6137      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 859       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9981      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088244  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78935     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
439820000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6125      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9940      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87978     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067310  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9917      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81301     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6120      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9938      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087864  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78033     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394485000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6138      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067696  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9969      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78911     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389725000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6117      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 873       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9967      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77959     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
412110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6116      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9940      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82437     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6111      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9916      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78695     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6127      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067575  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9960      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088058  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81484     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
403910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6161      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9996      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80797     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
409590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6131      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9945      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81932     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
410210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6120      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9947      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82057     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390060000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6111      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9951      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087979  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78027     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6129      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9955      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81113     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6124      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9931      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79123     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6119      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067487  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9943      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81014     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6131      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067619  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9947      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79616     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
397230000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6138      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067696  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9966      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79462     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
411040000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 8124      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.089600  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1831      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.032376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10923     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096573  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82227     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390280000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 7403      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081648  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1394      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024649  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10640     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78073     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
409420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6156      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067895  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9977      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81900     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
404505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6086      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9907      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80916     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6100      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 866       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9898      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78962     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6097      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9904      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087563  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81433     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
419790000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6121      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067509  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 880       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015560  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9892      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83973     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
408500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6102      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067299  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9906      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81716     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392120000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6125      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067553  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9952      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087988  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78438     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
391785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6128      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067586  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 865       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9925      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78372     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
388885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6132      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9935      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
389905000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6096      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067233  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9902      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77995     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
398495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6099      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9924      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79715     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
406955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6095      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9889      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087431  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81407     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6102      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067299  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9923      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79150     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407875000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6139      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9944      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81590     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
407225000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6099      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9913      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81459     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390310000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 862       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015242  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9903      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78077     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6106      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9935      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78968     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
394430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6120      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9935      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78900     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387030000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9921      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087714  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77422     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
411365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6116      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 876       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015489  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9901      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087537  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82287     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
425285000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9897      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 85071     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
392915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6150      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 864       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015277  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9974      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78597     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6102      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067299  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9913      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78139     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
387975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6098      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067255  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 868       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9889      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087431  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 77609     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
396420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6099      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9894      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79299     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
405030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6102      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067299  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 867       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9905      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087572  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81021     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
399320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 6097      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9882      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087369  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79879     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
393240000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 7626      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.084108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1215      μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021484  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506038    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10942     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.096741  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78665     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
