Sat May 13 03:17:22 AM EDT 2023
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3073      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101452  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016450  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4918      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015661  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4844      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4870      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091451  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2989      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4868      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015774  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4866      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4849      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091057  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2973      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098151  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4866      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4847      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091020  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4843      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4841      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2965      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4853      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3023      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015661  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4903      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015736  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4852      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2976      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4859      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015849  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4844      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2984      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4851      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2985      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098547  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015736  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4866      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097755  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015849  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4838      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015736  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4842      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015398  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4858      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2952      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097457  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015774  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4852      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015774  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4844      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2977      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4913      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097755  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015774  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4840      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090888  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097854  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4838      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3006      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4894      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2995      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015886  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2951      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4843      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2968      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4857      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4825      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2984      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4872      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091489  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4862      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091301  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099636  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015811  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4905      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092109  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097589  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015849  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4833      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090757  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2983      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015661  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2953      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015811  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4842      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090926  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015736  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4836      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097755  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4851      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3025      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4902      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092052  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015811  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4846      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2965      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097887  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015661  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4852      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015736  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4840      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090888  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4840      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090888  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 170       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2955      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
825000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2960      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097722  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015698  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4825      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 180       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
775000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015849  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4834      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090775  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2973      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098151  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015586  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4832      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 171       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 30290     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 26626     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015623  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 53252     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 201950    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4887      μs
spc:functions            : 90        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
