Sat May 13 03:17:26 AM EDT 2023
----
8955000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3841      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 496       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6281      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114939  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1811      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3716      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121144  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6225      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113915  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1839      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9190000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3737      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016396  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6234      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114079  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1859      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3738      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016542  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6233      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114061  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1838      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9130000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3811      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 458       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016762  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6308      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1846      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3758      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016542  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6246      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1853      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9150000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3737      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6227      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113951  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1851      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9100000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3742      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6246      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1840      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016799  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6238      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114152  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1854      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9220000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3740      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016542  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6224      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016689  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6246      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1834      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9180000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3738      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016396  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6223      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113878  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1856      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9060000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3725      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121438  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6223      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113878  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3730      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121601  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6226      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1838      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3778      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6270      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1844      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3734      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121731  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6218      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113786  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1849      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3737      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6232      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1839      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3725      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121438  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6231      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114024  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1846      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3770      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6279      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1861      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3751      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016542  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6245      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114281  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1848      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3736      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016396  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6238      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114152  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1837      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9140000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3734      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121731  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 460       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016835  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6230      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1848      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3734      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121731  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016652  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6239      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114171  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1851      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3737      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6251      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114390  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1836      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3735      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121764  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016433  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6245      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114281  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1839      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3731      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6210      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113640  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1839      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3717      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121177  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6207      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113585  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1836      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3718      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121210  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6207      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113585  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1848      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9140000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3770      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6230      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1847      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9045000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3710      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6202      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113494  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1828      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3711      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6213      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1832      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3715      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121112  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6204      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1841      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9160000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3719      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6194      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1851      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3706      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6188      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113237  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1829      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3706      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016396  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6210      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113640  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1845      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3710      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016323  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6194      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1838      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3783      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123329  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016323  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6274      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1836      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9065000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3710      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6206      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1832      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3706      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6206      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1836      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3722      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121340  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6204      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1833      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3714      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121079  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6192      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113311  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1836      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9120000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3771      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122937  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6245      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114281  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1844      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3716      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121144  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016542  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6190      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1847      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3759      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122546  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6250      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1837      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3709      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120916  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6209      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1837      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3707      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016323  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6199      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1845      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3730      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121601  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016433  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6219      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113805  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1837      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9040000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3762      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122644  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016506  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6256      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114482  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1827      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9120000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3724      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016616  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6197      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1845      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9120000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439952    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6246      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1843      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
