Sat May 13 03:17:28 AM EDT 2023
----
6400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3870      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125060  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6398      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117213  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1302      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3831      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6411      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1295      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3835      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123929  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6419      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1296      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3840      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124091  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6411      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3835      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123929  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6409      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117415  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3843      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124188  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6415      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1294      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3828      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6399      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1299      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3847      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6418      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1295      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3841      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6397      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117195  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1299      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6440000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3833      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6386      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3828      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6400      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1324      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3833      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016671  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6422      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117653  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1293      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3860      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6440      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117983  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1296      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6265000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5357      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.173113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 563       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020628  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7710      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1273      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3791      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6317      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1273      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3785      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6320      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1277      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3788      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6325      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115876  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1286      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3792      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122539  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6306      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3796      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6324      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115858  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1292      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3796      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6342      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1285      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3806      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6353      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 466       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017074  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6334      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116041  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1293      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3807      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6347      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1294      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3782      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122216  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6344      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1285      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3799      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6334      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116041  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3804      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6342      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116187  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1289      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3795      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122636  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6330      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1287      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3801      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6321      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1289      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3807      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6323      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3783      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122249  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6327      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1288      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6335000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3795      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122636  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6339      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1287      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3800      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6346      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1303      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3799      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6343      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1292      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3786      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6327      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1293      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3792      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122539  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6347      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1307      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3801      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6353      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6310000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3809      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6354      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1281      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3824      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123574  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016561  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6375      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116792  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6285000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5232      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169074  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7586      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.138978  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1279      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6265000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3759      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121473  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6286      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115161  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1273      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3761      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6297      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1277      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3767      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6303      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115473  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1280      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3793      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6328      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115931  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1298      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3797      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016231  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6343      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1281      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6275000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3794      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122604  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6345      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1276      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6280000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3796      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122669  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6333      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1276      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6290000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3788      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6322      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115821  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1279      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3790      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122475  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016488  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6305      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115510  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1290      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6290000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3785      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6317      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1277      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
6295000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3789      μs
load:bytes               : 30945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122443  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 27292     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54584     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 444008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6330      μs
spc:functions            : 118       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1278      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
