Sat May 13 03:17:37 AM EDT 2023
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3820      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 697       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022122  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5816      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3573      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5787      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4420000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3570      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098651  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016028  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5785      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091804  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3564      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015901  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5773      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4390000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3567      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5788      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 892       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3566      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098540  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 892       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3598      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 517       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016409  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5813      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092249  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 886       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3562      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 519       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5776      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 890       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3563      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5807      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092154  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3565      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5792      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091916  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5790      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3552      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5780      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3538      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5768      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3549      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5782      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091757  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 891       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3545      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097960  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 508       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5780      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 886       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4350000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3540      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5765      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 885       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3545      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097960  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5781      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091741  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 890       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3545      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097960  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5776      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 889       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3546      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097988  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 501       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015901  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5779      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4365000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3551      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098126  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5779      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 888       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3545      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097960  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5789      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 891       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3546      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097988  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5760      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091408  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3543      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5773      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3543      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 512       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5758      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 894       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3561      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5802      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092074  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 900       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3549      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 515       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5765      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091487  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 886       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3535      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097684  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 888       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3584      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099038  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016726  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5776      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 891       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4330000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3560      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 521       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016536  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5780      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 882       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3555      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098236  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 527       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016726  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5763      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091455  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1014      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3567      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5795      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4365000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3559      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5792      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091916  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 888       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5778      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 888       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4355000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3562      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 514       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016313  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091678  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 886       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3557      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5788      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 883       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4400000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3559      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5786      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091820  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 895       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5778      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 891       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3561      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015996  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5788      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091852  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 885       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3557      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 507       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5779      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 886       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3571      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098679  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5798      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 889       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 504       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015996  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5779      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 884       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3559      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5782      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091757  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 896       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 509       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016155  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5779      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 890       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3542      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5778      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3538      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016028  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5764      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 890       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3544      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 511       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016218  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5770      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091566  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 890       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4350000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3548      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098043  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 510       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016186  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5775      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 885       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3560      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098375  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 506       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5789      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3543      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016028  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5772      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 886       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3545      μs
load:bytes               : 36188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097960  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 31507     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016028  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 63014     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 252394    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5763      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091455  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
