Sat May 13 03:17:18 AM EDT 2023
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124316  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5505      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2320      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11570000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3271      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5489      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117941  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2333      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11530000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3257      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015986  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5474      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2326      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11540000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3254      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117253  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2328      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3249      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5454      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2322      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11470000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3260      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015599  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5479      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2314      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3265      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5470      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117533  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2321      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3255      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5450      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117103  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2331      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3246      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5464      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117404  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2332      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3257      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015771  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5472      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2314      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3255      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015470  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5467      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2314      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3270      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015986  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5473      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117597  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2316      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5510      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118392  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2311      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116480  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3260      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015599  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5459      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11445000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3250      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5455      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3238      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122128  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5424      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116544  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11495000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3240      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122204  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5444      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116974  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2320      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3232      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5448      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117060  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3245      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015771  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5452      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2325      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3253      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122694  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015470  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5487      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117898  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3263      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5477      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117683  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3574      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.134801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021400  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5744      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123420  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2391      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11475000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3546      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133745  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 497       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021357  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5578      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119853  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2316      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11515000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3220      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5427      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116609  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2324      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3241      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015599  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11495000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3257      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122845  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015943  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5479      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11520000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3232      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121902  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015771  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5443      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2324      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3246      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015900  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5447      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117039  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2337      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11475000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3249      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5460      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117318  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2315      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3258      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5469      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117511  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11465000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3227      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121713  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5446      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117017  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2313      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3249      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2313      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3230      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116716  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2312      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5443      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5503      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2310      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3248      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5434      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2324      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5454      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2327      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11495000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3250      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122581  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5471      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117554  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3246      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015556  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3231      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11485000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5453      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2317      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3229      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117253  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11455000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015642  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5449      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2312      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3256      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122807  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015599  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5464      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117404  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2329      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3253      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122694  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5452      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11450000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3253      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122694  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015771  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117275  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2309      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015814  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117253  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2320      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3237      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122091  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015599  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5437      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116824  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2332      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
11500000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3241      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 410156    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5438      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2319      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
