Sat May 13 03:22:21 AM EDT 2023
----
790565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6277      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 976       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017284  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9980      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158133    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
796135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6142      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9974      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088315  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 159243    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
792865000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6113      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067480  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9930      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158588    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
787835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6117      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014981  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9927      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157583    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
786445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6127      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9949      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157305    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
805150000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6111      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9934      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 161046    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
791285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6096      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9909      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158273    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9956      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157030    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
783035000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9911      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087757  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156622    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
787700000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6103      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067370  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9926      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087890  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157556    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6091      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067237  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9907      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157117    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
788245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6088      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067204  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014981  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9891      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157665    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
807430000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6084      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067160  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 840       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014875  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9891      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 161501    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6094      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067270  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9938      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158199    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
798475000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6111      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9955      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088147  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 159709    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
784155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6100      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067337  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9897      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156846    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
794745000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6090      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9912      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158964    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
870540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6108      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067425  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9908      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 174124    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
782995000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6075      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067061  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014946  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9874      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156615    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
783170000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6104      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 841       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014893  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9920      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087837  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156650    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
787785000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6118      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9918      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157573    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
786740000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6121      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9929      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087917  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157363    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
788130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6092      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067248  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9907      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157642    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6085      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9891      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158183    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
797560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6085      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014911  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9891      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 159527    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
784250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6089      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067215  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9891      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156865    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
789510000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6090      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014911  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9915      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087793  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157917    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
784610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6139      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9969      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088271  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156937    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
798505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067348  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014946  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9934      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 159716    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
786385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6101      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067348  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9914      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157292    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
784365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6090      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067226  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 841       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014893  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9898      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087642  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156890    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
803250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6092      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067248  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014946  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9938      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 160665    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
780920000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6096      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014981  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9899      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156200    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
789410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6099      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9912      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157897    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
782005000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6083      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9912      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156415    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
796465000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6073      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067039  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 839       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014857  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9877      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 159308    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
782270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6114      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067491  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9925      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087881  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156469    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
781550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6105      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9930      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156326    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
784890000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6086      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9900      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156993    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
785165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6121      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9960      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157048    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
783575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6082      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067138  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9887      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156730    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
781450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6126      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9946      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088067  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156305    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
789975000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6113      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067480  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014946  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9966      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088244  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158010    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
783640000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6083      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 846       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014981  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9888      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087554  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156744    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
797720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6135      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067723  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014999  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9986      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 159560    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
789845000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6083      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015017  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9896      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157984    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
787650000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6113      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067480  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 842       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014911  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9922      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087855  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157544    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
790235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6092      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067248  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9894      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 158063    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
783665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6107      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 843       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014928  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9932      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 156750    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
787095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 6116      μs
load:bytes               : 90589     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56468     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014946  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 112936    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 506618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9916      μs
spc:functions            : 112       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087801  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 157435    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
