Sat May 13 03:17:14 AM EDT 2023
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3313      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 657       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026662  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4895      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099326  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2910      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4846      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098332  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2944      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4847      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098352  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2929      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105892  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015502  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4829      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2933      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106037  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2947      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4856      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2950      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4866      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2945      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4865      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098717  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2947      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4872      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2987      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107989  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4895      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099326  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2939      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106254  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4906      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099549  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2941      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015502  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4869      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
390000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2938      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4848      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2953      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4897      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2950      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4891      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4881      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4911      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2938      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106218  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015462  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4858      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015502  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2951      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4852      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098453  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2977      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107628  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2954      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2957      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4875      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098920  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
395000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2954      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015502  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4862      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2973      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107483  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015502  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4901      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2946      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4872      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4894      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2950      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106652  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4895      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099326  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107158  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015827  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4878      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015867  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4906      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099549  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2960      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107013  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015421  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4871      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2953      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099062  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4870      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2940      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4861      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107447  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4890      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099224  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2940      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106290  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4860      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2948      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106579  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4838      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4852      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098453  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2968      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4886      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099143  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
375000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2934      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106073  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4858      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
380000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221618    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4897      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
