Sat May 13 03:17:30 AM EDT 2023
----
14625000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3774      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6255      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2947      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3715      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6221      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2956      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3703      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120012  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6189      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3704      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120045  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6204      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2941      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3739      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121179  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6226      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2932      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3718      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120499  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6187      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113978  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2925      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3685      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119429  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6175      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113757  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3690      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119591  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6179      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2923      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6180      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2926      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14550000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3696      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6185      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113942  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2930      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3711      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120272  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016764  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6188      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113997  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3692      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6174      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3702      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119980  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6169      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2932      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6170      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14580000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3693      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119688  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6159      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113463  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2936      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14490000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6177      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113794  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2918      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14545000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3694      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119721  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6173      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113720  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2929      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14595000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016359  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6161      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2940      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14530000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3715      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015990  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6196      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2928      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14645000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3705      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120077  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6204      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2949      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3716      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120434  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6177      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113794  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2933      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3682      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6158      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14500000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3692      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6181      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2921      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3696      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6169      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2950      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14585000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6157      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2937      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3697      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6183      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2939      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14545000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3696      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6176      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2929      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14555000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6171      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3688      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6166      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113591  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2951      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14565000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3732      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120952  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6213      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2934      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14560000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3695      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6166      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113591  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14650000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3699      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6170      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2950      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3703      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120012  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6174      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3725      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6213      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14520000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3700      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119915  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6176      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2924      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016469  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6158      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2940      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14515000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3692      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6169      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2922      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14520000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6174      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2924      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14550000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3697      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016101  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6168      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2930      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3683      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015953  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6160      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113481  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2942      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6178      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113813  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2923      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3698      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6166      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113591  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3690      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119591  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015953  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6176      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14575000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3709      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120207  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6194      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114107  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2939      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14515000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6172      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113702  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2923      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14520000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3702      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119980  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6174      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2924      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14560000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3689      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119559  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6173      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113720  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2933      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14525000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3686      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119461  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016211  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6168      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2924      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3687      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6176      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2931      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
14540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3696      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.119786  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 439136    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6174      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2927      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
