Sat May 13 03:17:11 AM EDT 2023
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.124597  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 24        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3257      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017274  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5430      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3248      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5462      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123826  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3237      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129552  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122897  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3237      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129552  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5440      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3252      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130152  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5451      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123577  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3256      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5445      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123441  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3237      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129552  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5444      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3243      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129792  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5441      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 32        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3236      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5455      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3244      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129832  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5438      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123282  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3239      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129632  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3344      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 457       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020720  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5414      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122738  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 24        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3982      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.159369  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026932  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5909      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.133960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3187      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016232  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5362      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121559  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3196      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5374      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3205      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5378      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3210      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5381      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3204      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5371      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121763  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3184      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5349      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121265  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3212      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3212      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5380      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121967  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3199      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128031  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3216      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5390      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122194  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3206      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128311  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5376      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121877  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3212      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122262  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3205      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5392      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3183      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5366      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3220      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128872  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016866  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5392      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3208      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016594  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5383      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122035  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3211      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128511  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5415      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122761  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3208      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 368       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016685  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5410      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3200      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5382      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122013  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3221      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128912  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3220      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128872  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 371       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016821  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5391      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3207      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 369       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016730  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5385      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3209      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 360       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5387      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122126  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3202      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128151  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 370       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016776  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3207      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5379      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121945  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3205      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5377      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3223      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5404      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122511  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3224      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129032  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016413  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4737      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.189586  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020947  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6800      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.154160  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 23        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3214      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128632  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3199      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128031  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016549  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5354      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121378  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3204      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016640  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5360      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121514  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3232      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129352  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018725  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5338      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3197      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127951  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016504  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5355      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3197      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.127951  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5367      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121673  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
0
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3209      μs
load:bytes               : 24986     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.128431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 22055     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 44110     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 361328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5372      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121786  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
