Sat May 13 03:31:21 AM EDT 2023
----
4561860000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5423      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125925  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 792       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8682      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116172  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912397    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5214      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121072  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016190  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8774      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911665    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4562015000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5187      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015842  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8772      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912426    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5199      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8738      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911957    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4561215000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5220      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121212  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 604       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8756      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912266    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4562195000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5200      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016003  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8730      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116814  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912461    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4557145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5210      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 606       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016217  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8771      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117362  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911451    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5255      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122024  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015923  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8809      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117871  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911814    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4561640000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5190      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8715      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116613  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912350    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4557715000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5193      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120585  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 597       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015976  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8747      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117041  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911566    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4643300000
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 11469     μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.266318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1341      μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.035887  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 19295     μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.258182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 928695    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558165000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5191      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8734      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911655    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4556540000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5258      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122094  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 604       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8804      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117804  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911330    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4557255000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5260      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122140  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8817      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117978  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911472    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4557840000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5208      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120933  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8755      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117148  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911591    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4561655000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5195      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 604       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8740      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912354    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559895000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5215      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121096  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 611       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016351  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8773      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912002    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559380000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5235      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 605       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016190  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8781      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911900    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559625000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5276      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 610       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016324  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8834      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911948    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4557915000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5267      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8824      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118072  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911604    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559890000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5202      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120794  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 604       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8741      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116961  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912000    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558950000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5214      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121072  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8749      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911814    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558480000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5185      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120399  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8727      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911719    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4560600000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5240      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121676  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8767      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117309  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912142    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4564710000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5202      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120794  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8730      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116814  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912963    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4562765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5308      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123255  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 607       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8861      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912575    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4561315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5194      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120608  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8742      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116974  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912284    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4560325000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5210      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 607       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8738      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912089    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4560235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5201      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8744      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117001  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912067    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4560400000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5200      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 600       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8746      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912103    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4561305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5203      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 604       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8749      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912282    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5291      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122860  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 594       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8840      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911981    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4584215000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5196      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120654  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8728      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116787  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 916864    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4562105000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5199      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8737      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912444    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4560935000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5197      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8736      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912209    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558700000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5192      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 602       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016110  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8753      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117122  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911762    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4562790000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5199      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120724  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8746      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 912580    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4559600000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5217      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.121142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 599       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8766      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911944    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4558345000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5204      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.120840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 609       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016297  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8734      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911692    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4557830000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5257      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 601       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8790      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 911588    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4372230000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 6660      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.154649  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 784       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020981  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9757      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874469    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4372490000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5009      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015521  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8422      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874521    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4372270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4995      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115987  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 576       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8419      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874475    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4376460000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4967      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115337  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015521  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8350      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.111729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 875315    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4370065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4983      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115708  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015521  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8373      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112037  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874033    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4374035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4996      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116010  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015655  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8391      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874830    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4378600000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5036      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116939  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 576       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8453      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113107  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 875740    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4370640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5098      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.118379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015468  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8490      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874148    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4373850000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5013      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 577       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015441  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8417      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112626  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874790    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
4372300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4997      μs
load:bytes               : 43065     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 579       μs
validate:bytes           : 37367     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015494  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 74734     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 593464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8409      μs
spc:functions            : 126       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874480    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
