Sat May 13 03:17:25 AM EDT 2023
----
9665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4117      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.134217  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015884  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7012      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1956      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4093      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133435  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6976      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1957      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4081      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133044  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6953      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127237  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4081      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133044  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6935      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1950      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9680000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4099      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015847  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6947      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1955      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4068      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7029      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128627  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1959      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9675000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4088      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133272  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6927      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126761  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1955      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4066      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6929      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126797  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1964      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4074      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132816  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6935      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4067      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6922      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9610000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4085      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6918      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4062      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6916      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1955      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4065      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6919      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126614  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9635000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4063      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132457  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6916      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4074      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132816  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6916      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9725000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4066      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6908      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1966      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4062      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6911      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4065      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016286  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6923      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1947      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4078      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6981      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4065      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6902      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4070      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6931      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126834  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1947      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9625000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4065      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6982      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127767  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1945      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4079      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6931      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126834  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4075      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6923      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1955      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9625000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4067      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6922      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9645000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4070      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6927      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126761  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1948      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4072      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6910      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4060      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6897      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9645000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4061      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6906      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1950      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9630000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4059      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132327  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016286  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6916      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4073      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6914      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126523  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4062      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132424  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6916      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1968      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4060      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6917      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9680000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4064      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6939      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1957      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9715000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4097      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016433  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6951      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127200  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1965      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4071      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132718  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6917      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1955      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4066      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132555  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016213  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6920      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126633  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4064      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6925      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126724  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1949      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4074      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132816  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6945      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9635000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4068      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6945      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1948      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4073      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015847  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6916      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4069      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6965      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1955      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4061      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132392  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6912      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9660000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4057      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6906      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1952      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4080      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.133011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6981      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4067      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016067  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6913      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4060      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016140  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6909      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126431  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1943      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9635000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4060      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6915      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126541  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1946      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4072      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 442       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6910      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
9665000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 4063      μs
load:bytes               : 30674     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132457  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 27323     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015993  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54646     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 474932    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6903      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.126322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1954      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
