Sat May 13 03:17:14 AM EDT 2023
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3093      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5046      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3065      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5009      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3033      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4990      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5005      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3054      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5012      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3054      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5012      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017444  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5014      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101707  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3036      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5003      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101484  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3036      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4991      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101241  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3043      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016917  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4985      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3041      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109345  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4998      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101383  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3049      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109632  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5017      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101768  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5003      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101484  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3030      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4989      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101200  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109992  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5013      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3032      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5000      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101423  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3050      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4997      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3037      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109201  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4995      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3042      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5001      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016227  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5010      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101626  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4995      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101586  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3045      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5003      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101484  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
755000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3046      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5015      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101728  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5018      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101789  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3054      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016349  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5006      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3061      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110064  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017566  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4990      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016755  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101809  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3043      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016958  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4995      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101322  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3036      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109165  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4988      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101180  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3047      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4999      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5002      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3045      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5024      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101910  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3046      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5027      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101971  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3039      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5007      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101565  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3071      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5021      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101849  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3044      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109453  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4992      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101261  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3050      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109668  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016714  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5005      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109093  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4990      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101221  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3045      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109489  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016552  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4980      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101018  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5005      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3043      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5002      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3026      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4977      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3044      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109453  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016674  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4993      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101281  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5002      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3038      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109237  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101586  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3043      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016390  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101586  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 168       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3039      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5014      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101707  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
760000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109884  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016430  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5009      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 27811     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24649     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016187  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49298     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 221714    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101586  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
