Sat May 13 03:17:16 AM EDT 2023
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4026      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.141238  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 603       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.024391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5764      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1300000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3021      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4995      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 273       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3030      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106297  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4981      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100740  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3025      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106121  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4989      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1430000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5010      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101326  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 300       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1455000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5018      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 305       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5016      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3046      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5011      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3075      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5045      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102034  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 277       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3054      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107139  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5038      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3044      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5011      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3055      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3039      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106612  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5023      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101589  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5048      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102095  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3063      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107454  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5027      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 274       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3050      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5026      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3037      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5004      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5012      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1445000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3066      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107560  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5031      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101751  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3036      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5029      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3053      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5034      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101812  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3049      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5011      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5027      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5030      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 277       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3044      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5062      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102378  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3042      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106718  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5013      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3030      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106297  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5002      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3090      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107314  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3048      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5052      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 274       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1330000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5038      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 280       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3041      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106683  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5042      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101973  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 279       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1340000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5014      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3045      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5016      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1300000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5022      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101569  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 274       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3037      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5002      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3045      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5021      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101549  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3097      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108647  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5067      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3046      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5015      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101427  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 277       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1300000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3037      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5010      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101326  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 274       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1425000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3046      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016341  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5026      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 299       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1305000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3057      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5027      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5019      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101508  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3056      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016301  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5032      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5000      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 301       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1315000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3044      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5008      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 278       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1420000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3052      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5016      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 298       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1300000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3034      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106437  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016422  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5017      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101468  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 276       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1375000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 3050      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5050      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102135  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 289       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
