Sat May 13 03:17:15 AM EDT 2023
----
2235000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5825      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.210592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 661       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026825  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9778      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.198409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 481       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2240000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5705      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.206254  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 662       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026865  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9606      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.194919  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 479       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2240000
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5831      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.210809  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 672       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027271  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9704      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.196907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 480       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2280000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5769      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.208568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 658       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026703  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9719      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.197211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 487       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2325000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5702      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.206146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 661       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026825  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9557      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.193924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 497       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2290000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5784      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.209110  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 665       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026987  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9713      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.197090  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 490       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1345000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5217      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.188611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 667       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027068  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7170      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.145489  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 288       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3412      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123355  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5734      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3434      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124150  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5773      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117142  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3453      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5797      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117629  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3461      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125126  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5793      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117547  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3452      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5771      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 302       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3448      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124656  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5774      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3459      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125054  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5788      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117446  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3469      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125415  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5796      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3456      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5784      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3468      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3458      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5791      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3457      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5801      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3459      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125054  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5799      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1410000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3463      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5784      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3447      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124620  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5775      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3457      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 416       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016882  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5770      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3455      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124909  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016111  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5782      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3455      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124909  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016395  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5771      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3468      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5794      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3451      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5779      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3451      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5791      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3461      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125126  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5792      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3468      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5795      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 304       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3451      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5771      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117101  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3459      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125054  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5770      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3450      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124728  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5772      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117121  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 294       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3452      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5782      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3458      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5782      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3456      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5783      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117345  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3456      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5791      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3445      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124548  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016273  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5781      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117304  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1435000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3462      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125162  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016436  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 306       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3454      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5794      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3463      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5759      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.116858  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1370000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3451      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5777      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 293       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3467      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125343  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5787      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117426  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3481      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125849  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5824      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118177  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3452      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5799      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117669  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3456      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124945  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5811      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3457      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5801      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117710  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3466      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125307  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016354  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5816      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118014  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1360000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3446      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5780      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117284  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1365000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3472      μs
load:bytes               : 27660     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 24641     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016841  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 400292    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5802      μs
spc:functions            : 94        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 292       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
