Sat May 13 03:17:40 AM EDT 2023
----
75365000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 5936      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.204823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 664       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026940  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9901      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.200856  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15103     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3555      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5970      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121110  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11137     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3560      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5995      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11181     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55700000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3573      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123287  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6028      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11160     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3568      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016553  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6010      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11180     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
56010000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3581      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6010      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11222     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3566      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123046  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5995      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11183     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
56045000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3579      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6007      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11230     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55850000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3643      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125703  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6083      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11192     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
56215000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3585      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5997      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11264     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55980000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3574      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123322  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6003      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11218     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3552      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5992      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11189     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55900000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3558      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5983      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121373  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11202     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3561      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016107  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5977      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121252  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11159     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3551      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122528  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5980      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121312  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11181     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3549      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5965      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121008  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11150     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3559      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5975      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11177     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3554      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122632  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5985      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11155     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55700000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3568      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016716  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5984      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11160     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3581      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5996      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121637  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11167     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55765000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3553      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5986      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11174     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3552      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5999      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121698  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11204     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55800000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3576      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6010      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121921  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11181     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55840000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3572      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6018      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.122083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11189     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55925000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3557      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5975      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121211  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11206     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55785000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3558      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5979      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11179     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55815000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5973      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11184     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55845000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3561      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11189     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55835000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5992      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11188     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6002      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11180     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55805000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3556      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016310  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5997      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11182     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3558      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5976      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121231  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11137     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55715000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3561      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5987      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11165     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55655000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3553      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016472  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5978      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11153     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55720000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3564      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122977  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5983      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121373  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11165     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55950000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3557      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5990      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121515  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11211     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55805000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3586      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6009      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11182     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3567      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5992      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11145     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55810000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3573      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123287  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016229  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6002      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121759  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11183     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55910000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3637      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.125496  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6071      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123159  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11204     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55885000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3570      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5988      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11197     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55830000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3570      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5994      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11186     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55600000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3555      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5979      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11142     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55970000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3569      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016959  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5985      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121414  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11215     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3557      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5987      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11143     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55770000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3552      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016391  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5984      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11176     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55690000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3562      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122908  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016513  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5988      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11159     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55865000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3553      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5971      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121130  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11194     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55800000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3557      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016188  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5981      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.121333  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11182     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
55750000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35047     bytes
load:time_us             : 3550      μs
load:bytes               : 28981     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 24647     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49294     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 430616    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5964      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120988  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11173     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
