Sat May 13 03:21:11 AM EDT 2023
----
462500000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6162      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067961  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10042     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 92519     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
454375000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6160      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067939  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9985      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90893     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448505000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6180      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068160  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 853       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9999      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088403  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89718     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447340000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6169      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068038  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10000     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088412  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89486     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447230000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6158      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9988      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89464     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
451325000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6176      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10005     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90284     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448030000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6214      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10002     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89625     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448740000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6158      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9992      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088341  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89764     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
452625000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6158      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 857       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015153  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10023     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90542     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
449610000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6173      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068082  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10028     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89940     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450135000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6158      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9989      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088315  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90045     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
452795000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6153      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9992      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088341  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90576     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
451955000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6151      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067840  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 844       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014924  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9993      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90407     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6215      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068546  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10028     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088660  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89786     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
452935000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6160      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067939  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10008     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088483  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90604     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
453840000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6306      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069549  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10091     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089217  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90785     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448170000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6162      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067961  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 849       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10007     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89650     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447490000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6157      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 856       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9986      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89515     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
451720000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6149      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9983      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088262  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90362     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6189      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 861       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015224  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10015     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89429     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450345000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6170      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 841       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014871  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10010     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088501  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90086     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447620000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6152      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9997      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088386  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89541     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450080000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6203      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 854       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015100  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10062     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90034     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448925000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6159      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9989      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088315  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89802     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
453425000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6155      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067884  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9977      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088209  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90702     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448300000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6207      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068457  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10058     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89678     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447240000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6147      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9990      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89466     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
449610000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6189      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10024     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89939     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
449780000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6148      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067807  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9969      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89974     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
452205000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6161      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10005     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90459     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450270000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6149      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9975      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90071     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
449320000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6150      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067829  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9985      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89883     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450430000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6185      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068215  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 860       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015206  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10046     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088819  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90102     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
480560000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6147      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9983      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088262  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 96130     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450930000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6137      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067685  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 848       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014994  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9970      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088147  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90203     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
454725000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6173      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068082  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 852       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015065  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10031     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088686  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90962     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447180000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6168      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068027  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9997      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088386  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89454     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
449565000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6197      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068347  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 863       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9998      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89931     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450420000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6193      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10022     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90102     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
473540000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6176      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 858       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10007     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088474  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 94726     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
452445000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6149      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9993      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088350  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90507     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447930000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6222      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068623  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10062     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89602     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
451730000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6161      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9985      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90364     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450445000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6152      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 841       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014871  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10045     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088810  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90107     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
448210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6198      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 845       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10067     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89659     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447815000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6193      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 869       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9998      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89580     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
454660000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6164      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 847       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10000     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088412  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90949     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450130000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6142      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 851       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015047  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9989      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088315  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90043     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
447595000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6158      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 850       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 9988      μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 89537     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
450135000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 6193      μs
load:bytes               : 90669     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 855       μs
validate:bytes           : 56553     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 113106    bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 518822    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 10035     μs
spc:functions            : 108       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 90044     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
