Sat May 13 03:17:19 AM EDT 2023
----
8665000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3311      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124882  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016587  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5533      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118886  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1755      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5528      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1754      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3272      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123411  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016373  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5509      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1740      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016373  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5538      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1748      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8640000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124090  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5594      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.120197  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1748      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016287  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5514      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3286      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123939  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5552      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124203  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016287  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5534      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118908  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1742      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5509      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016373  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5554      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119338  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1744      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3271      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5512      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118435  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1743      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3273      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5499      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1744      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5539      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1744      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5490      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1743      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124354  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016630  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5513      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1749      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8645000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016373  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5501      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118199  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1749      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3284      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5516      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118521  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1747      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124391  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016630  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5515      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118500  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3288      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124014  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5518      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1742      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016201  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118134  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1746      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016630  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5506      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3276      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1740      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3271      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5527      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1742      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016630  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5513      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1754      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3288      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124014  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016630  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5571      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119703  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3285      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5509      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1745      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8615000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3271      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123373  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118134  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1744      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8635000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5496      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1747      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016287  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1744      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8620000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3285      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5502      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118220  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1743      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8620000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3277      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123599  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1743      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8665000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016373  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5528      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118779  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1754      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1740      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3291      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124127  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5514      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1742      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3283      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5537      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118972  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1746      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3287      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 378       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016244  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5504      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3280      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015986  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5491      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3285      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016287  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5513      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8610000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3282      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8635000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3290      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124090  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017060  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1747      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8625000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3288      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.124014  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017146  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5484      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117834  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1745      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3275      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016072  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5501      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118199  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1742      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3268      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123260  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016287  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5523      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118672  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1752      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3279      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123675  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 376       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016158  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5508      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118349  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1752      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3274      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5491      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1751      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8660000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3276      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5498      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118134  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1752      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8655000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3270      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123335  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016072  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5477      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117683  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1751      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8670000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3281      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123750  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5499      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118156  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1754      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8675000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3269      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123298  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016373  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5481      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117769  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1754      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
8600000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3276      μs
load:bytes               : 26513     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.123562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 23270     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 46540     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 378036    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5507      μs
spc:functions            : 88        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.118328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1741      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
