Sat May 13 03:17:18 AM EDT 2023
----
1265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3122      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017433  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5028      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101690  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 268       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2987      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104788  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 265       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1265000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2993      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4926      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099627  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 268       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2973      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104297  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4913      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4885      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1575000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 328       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1630000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4890      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 339       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4902      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099142  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 262       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015573  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4873      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 262       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2961      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4873      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098555  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2980      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098879  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 269       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 22        μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4855      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2965      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 262       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2958      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103771  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4843      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.097949  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 262       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4870      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098495  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2964      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103981  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4886      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4868      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 261       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2954      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4858      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098252  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2967      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104087  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4881      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098717  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2948      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103420  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4867      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 265       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4878      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 260       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4880      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 268       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2972      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015613  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4892      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098940  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016018  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4869      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098475  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 261       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4879      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 265       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1270000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2976      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4889      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098879  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 267       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2959      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103806  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4890      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 260       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2955      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4867      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 265       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1260000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2946      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4859      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 266       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4876      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098616  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2971      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104227  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4865      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2975      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4894      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 261       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4875      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098596  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2970      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015694  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4893      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098960  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 265       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2969      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015896  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 262       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4890      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098899  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 261       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2956      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103701  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015977  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4877      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1250000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2978      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104472  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4878      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098657  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1255000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2979      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015734  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4885      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 266       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1255000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4894      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 265       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4874      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2960      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4862      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098333  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2965      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4858      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098252  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2962      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4882      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 264       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1260000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2974      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104332  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4888      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 266       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1235000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2941      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4861      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098313  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 261       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1290000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2951      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015775  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098353  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 272       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1240000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2963      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103946  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4867      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098434  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 262       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
1245000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2969      μs
load:bytes               : 28505     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 394       μs
validate:bytes           : 24722     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 49444     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 228782    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4883      μs
spc:functions            : 106       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 263       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
