Sat May 13 03:17:31 AM EDT 2023
----
5115000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5148      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.166844  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 724       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8330      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.153457  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1047      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5110000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5075      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164479  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 721       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8289      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152702  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1046      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5110000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5092      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 719       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8293      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152776  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1043      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5115000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5095      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165127  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 722       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026601  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8311      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.153107  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1045      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5105000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5083      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164738  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 718       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026454  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8306      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.153015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1049      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5110000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5100      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165289  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 724       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026675  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8319      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.153255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1044      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5110000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5072      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164381  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 715       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026343  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8278      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1045      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5120000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5086      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164835  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 725       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8288      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1047      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5200000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5092      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 716       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026380  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8291      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1063      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5115000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5083      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.164738  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 725       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026712  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8305      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152997  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1045      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5100000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5093      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165062  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 727       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8291      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.152739  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1042      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5255000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5098      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.165224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 715       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026343  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8395      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.154655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1077      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5275000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5222      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169243  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 740       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8533      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157197  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1079      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5245000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5231      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169534  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 740       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8522      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156994  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1072      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5415000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5240      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027043  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8563      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157750  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1107      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5260000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5241      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 746       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8529      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1075      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5255000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5235      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 742       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027338  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8530      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157142  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1074      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5285000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5218      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 743       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027375  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8529      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1080      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5255000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5242      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 743       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027375  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8541      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1076      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5265000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5235      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169664  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 753       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8534      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157216  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1077      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5250000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5263      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.170572  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 740       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8560      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1073      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5300000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5236      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169696  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 740       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8536      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157252  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1083      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5275000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5224      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169308  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 739       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027228  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8528      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1079      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5255000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5227      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 735       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8521      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.156976  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1074      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5265000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5226      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 752       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8536      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157252  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1076      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
5260000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5244      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.169956  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 739       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.027228  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8558      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.157658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1076      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2965000
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 4257      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.137967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 923       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034007  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5508      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 607       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2990000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015401  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4856      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 612       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
2995000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2981      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096613  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015843  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4873      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 613       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3035000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3020      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015143  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4912      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090490  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 621       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2992      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096969  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015658  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4885      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089992  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 616       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3019      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097844  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4905      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 619       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3035000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3026      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 621       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3020000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3035      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098363  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4958      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091337  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 618       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3050000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3003      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4914      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 623       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3013      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097650  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015474  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4909      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090435  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 628       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3009      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097520  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015990  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4907      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090398  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 618       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3035      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098363  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015658  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4927      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 624       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3014      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097682  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015695  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4896      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090195  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 619       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3015000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3015      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097715  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4914      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 617       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3013      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097650  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4903      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090324  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 628       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3025000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097455  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4915      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090545  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 617       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3055000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3013      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097650  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4918      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090600  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 625       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3035000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3041      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098557  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4929      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090803  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 621       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3020000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3012      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015695  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4908      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 618       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3050000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4919      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 624       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3020      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015769  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4914      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 616       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3045000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3051      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098881  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016432  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4940      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 622       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3045000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3028      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098136  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015732  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4925      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3020000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3012      μs
load:bytes               : 30855     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 27141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015880  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 206894    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4896      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090195  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 619       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
