Sat May 13 03:17:33 AM EDT 2023
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3421      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107785  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 537       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019636  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5435      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5439      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3334      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105044  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5452      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3065000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3324      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104729  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5421      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099115  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5433      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099334  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3045000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5432      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099316  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 624       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3314      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5439      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3125000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 641       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098822  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016893  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5403      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3100000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3312      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104351  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5458      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099791  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3323      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104697  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5452      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5408      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098877  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104004  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5411      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098932  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104130  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5445      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099553  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5419      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099078  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5401      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098749  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5431      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099297  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3065000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3297      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103878  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5426      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5419      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099078  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3130000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3296      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103847  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5392      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098584  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 642       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3065000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3292      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103720  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5405      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098822  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104067  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 462       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016893  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5400      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3299      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103941  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5399      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098712  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3110000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104004  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 639       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3322      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104666  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5426      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099206  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3065000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016089  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5422      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099133  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 629       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3315      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5438      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099425  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3298      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103910  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5415      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 634       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3308      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5411      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098932  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3110000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3288      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103594  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 638       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5403      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098785  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5413      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3135000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5447      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 645       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3309      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 452       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016528  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5419      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099078  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 637       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3055000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3300      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 446       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5457      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 628       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3295      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 642       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015870  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 633       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3090000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104067  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 455       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016638  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098639  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 635       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3302      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104036  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5408      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098877  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5414      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3070000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3310      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5414      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 630       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3085000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3292      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103720  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5412      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098950  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3293      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016272  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5415      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099005  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3301      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104004  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5417      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099041  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3130000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3294      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5393      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 643       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3095000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3288      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103594  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016126  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5409      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098895  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 636       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3075000
pregen:time_us           : 15        μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3307      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016235  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5406      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.098840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 631       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
3080000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 3303      μs
load:bytes               : 31739     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104067  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 27347     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016382  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 54694     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 245008    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5417      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099041  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 632       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
