Sat May 13 03:18:23 AM EDT 2023
----
138245000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4515      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 595       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016471  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7440      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27665     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138075000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7432      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27631     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135555000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4513      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107611  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7454      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.103178  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27127     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136170000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4477      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016388  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7397      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27249     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136720000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4476      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106728  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7413      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102610  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27360     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131800000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4500      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7414      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26376     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134810000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4485      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106943  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7405      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26977     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4498      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 598       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7421      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102721  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27923     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138155000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4491      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7415      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102638  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27647     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136635000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4501      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107325  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7433      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102887  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27342     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4497      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7433      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102887  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26905     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134940000
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 5568      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.132767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 734       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020320  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8260      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114334  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27005     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133915000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4480      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 574       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015890  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7405      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26798     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136970000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4474      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106681  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 579       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7404      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27410     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134100000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4484      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7407      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102527  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26834     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137340000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4478      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106776  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7398      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27483     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133460000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4508      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107492  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 575       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7422      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26708     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134480000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4477      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 588       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7397      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26913     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134115000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4481      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7405      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26844     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137275000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4475      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7387      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27472     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136310000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 577       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015973  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7395      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27278     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139930000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4482      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106872  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7404      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102486  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28004     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136275000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4489      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107038  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 587       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7428      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102818  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27273     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136835000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4481      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 582       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7422      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27382     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134230000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4471      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106609  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7382      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102181  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26862     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
147470000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7400      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 29511     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
132535000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4467      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 585       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7374      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102070  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26523     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
138045000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4479      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 584       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016167  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7401      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27625     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133210000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 584       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016167  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7374      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102070  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26658     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134145000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4479      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7395      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26845     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135885000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4512      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7431      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27193     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136185000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4475      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7389      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27254     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135450000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4496      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107205  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7416      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27106     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134685000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4495      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7421      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102721  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26954     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135735000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4479      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7378      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102126  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27163     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135740000
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4467      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7392      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102319  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27164     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 575       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7380      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27181     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4490      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107062  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 579       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7426      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102790  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26238     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133605000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7391      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26737     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137385000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4469      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 579       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7395      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27494     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
140355000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4474      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106681  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7398      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102402  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 28087     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
131395000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4463      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106418  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 578       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7379      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26294     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
133105000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4467      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106514  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 580       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016056  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7380      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102153  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26638     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137285000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4474      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106681  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 589       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016305  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7395      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102361  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27472     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
139415000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4496      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107205  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 591       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7401      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102444  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27900     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
134590000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4479      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 583       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016139  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7394      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102347  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26935     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135205000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4468      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106538  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 575       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015918  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7376      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102098  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27058     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
137010000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4466      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106490  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 590       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7393      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102333  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
135825000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4472      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106633  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 581       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7391      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102306  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27180     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
136510000
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4479      μs
load:bytes               : 41938     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 586       μs
validate:bytes           : 36122     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 72244     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 344302    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7381      μs
spc:functions            : 138       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.102167  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27318     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
