Sat May 13 01:45:47 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1721      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079239  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 280       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2593      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073406  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1285063   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1725      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2587      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1285248   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1718      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2593      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073406  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282124   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1728      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2587      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073236  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1289837   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1746      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080390  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2612      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073944  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282800   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1718      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2609      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1294510   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1730      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2596      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284775   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1724      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2606      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282370   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1725      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2603      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1286468   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1736      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079930  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2608      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073830  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284113   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1726      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016645  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2588      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1288684   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1724      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2595      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073462  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1291229   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1723      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2586      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1290471   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1741      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080160  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 291       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2607      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283655   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1724      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2585      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073179  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283104   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1731      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079699  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2606      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284302   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1749      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080528  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2615      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1278312   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1723      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2597      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1285853   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1722      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079285  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2590      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073321  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1281663   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1721      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079239  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2597      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284305   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1719      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2588      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073264  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1286113   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1735      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 287       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2605      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073745  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284190   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1730      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2597      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073519  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1284209   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1711      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2575      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283826   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1723      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2609      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073859  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1286010   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1735      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2603      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1285864   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1731      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079699  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2604      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073717  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1279876   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1724      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2599      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073576  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283765   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1725      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2604      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073717  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1288385   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1717      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079055  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 287       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2617      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074085  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1287817   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1726      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2605      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073745  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1288116   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1724      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2595      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073462  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1287920   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1724      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2595      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073462  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283457   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1720      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 287       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2596      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282170   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1728      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079561  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2603      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1286236   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1737      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079976  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 278       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015740  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2615      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074028  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1282883   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2359      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108614  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 354       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020043  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3107      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087957  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1283258   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1693      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2561      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072500  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1273579   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1718      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2564      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072585  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1274540   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1710      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2586      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1274974   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1704      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078456  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2571      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1274933   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1709      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078686  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2560      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1276264   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1701      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078318  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2562      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1275026   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1702      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2561      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072500  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1273069   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1705      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2583      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1278508   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1702      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2555      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072330  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1271806   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1710      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078732  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2574      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072868  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1274273   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1735      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.079883  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2614      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1280275   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1714      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078917  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2571      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072783  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1270664   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1711      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130202    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2567      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1271654   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
