Sat May 13 01:46:53 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3305      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.152170  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025421  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4568      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048327   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048842   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2110      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3331      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048512   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2094      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2058428   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2105      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3315      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048301   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2116      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097426  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3318      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093930  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049498   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2109      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3316      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048266   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2109      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3303      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049072   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2110      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097149  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3319      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049821   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2101      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049386   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3323      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094072  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048283   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2104      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3312      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2051021   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2108      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047812   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2097      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3336      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047974   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3304      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049532   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2853      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.131359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019929  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3954      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.111935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047386   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2111      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016702  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3308      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2046825   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2097      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3295      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048241   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2109      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3317      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049353   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3297      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047477   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2095      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3297      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048300   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2090      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096229  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3311      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2046859   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2096      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3308      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047436   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2099      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096643  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3299      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093392  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048393   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2098      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3308      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093647  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049513   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3295      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093279  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047667   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2098      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3305      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047996   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3315      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093845  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048180   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2099      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096643  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3309      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2050442   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2103      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016645  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3312      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048443   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3303      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048564   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2107      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3322      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094043  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048472   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2109      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097103  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3313      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2050760   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096367  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3310      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093703  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047148   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2097      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096551  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016645  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3309      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048118   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2091      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3290      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2049163   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2104      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096873  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 291       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3305      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2045317   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2088      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3311      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093732  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2046254   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2094      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096413  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3316      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047386   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3313      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2051341   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2106      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096965  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016589  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3307      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047947   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 291       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3304      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047966   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2108      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3313      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2062653   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3305      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093562  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048797   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2098      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096597  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3300      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093420  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048610   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2102      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 287       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3312      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2047214   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2099      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096643  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3301      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093449  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2046433   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096321  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3313      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2046920   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2105      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2046258   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2100      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096689  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 233138    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3300      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093420  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2048780   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
