Sat May 13 02:35:27 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1930      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2886      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067376  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1867774   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1852      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062871  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 320       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2842      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066349  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1889570   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2209      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.074990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020964  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3038      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1891331   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1865      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2871      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1895056   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1860      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2850      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1887016   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2058      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020871  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2875      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067119  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1896629   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1857      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 318       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014848  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2844      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066395  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1891345   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1857      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 321       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014988  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2854      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066629  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1883430   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1869      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063448  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 312       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014567  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2871      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1895389   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1852      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062871  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 320       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2833      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066139  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1890046   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1848      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 318       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014848  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2849      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066512  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1899514   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1859      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063108  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066559  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1880076   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1863      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 322       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015034  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2853      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1876158   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1853      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 325       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2837      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1875013   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.071018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020077  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2961      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1901737   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1862      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063210  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2852      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1888258   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1861      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063176  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 321       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014988  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2849      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066512  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1885878   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2194      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.074481  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020497  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3037      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070901  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1872600   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1855      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 324       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015128  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2837      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1898035   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1849      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2843      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1898887   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1865      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014661  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2863      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1890742   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1865      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063312  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014614  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2863      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066839  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1874285   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1866      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063346  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014894  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2840      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1904836   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 4110      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.139525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 707       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033011  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 6344      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.148106  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1900965   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1851      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 320       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014941  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066559  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1896169   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1851      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062837  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014894  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2847      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066465  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1896168   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2135      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.072478  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 447       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020871  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2974      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1902499   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1870      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063482  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 321       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014988  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066559  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1882662   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1860      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2868      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1881812   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1857      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 323       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2848      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066489  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1881219   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1857      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 322       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015034  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2864      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066862  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1882220   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1864      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063278  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014614  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2860      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066769  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1877642   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2239      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076009  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020917  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3066      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071578  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1899658   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1855      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062973  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2835      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1904748   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1852      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062871  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014661  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2841      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1875061   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2140      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.072648  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020777  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2962      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069150  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1883934   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1871      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063516  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 324       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015128  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2871      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1876593   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1857      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063041  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014894  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2845      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1869180   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1853      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 317       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2848      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066489  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1886787   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1863      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 323       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2843      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1879415   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1860      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063142  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 322       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015034  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2850      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1903957   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1976      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020124  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2838      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1900148   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1862      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063210  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2842      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066349  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1900591   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1858      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063074  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 318       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014848  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2842      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066349  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1877266   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2045      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.069423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019890  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2892      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1897862   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1850      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062803  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014894  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2857      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066699  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1882899   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1848      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062735  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 316       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014754  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2847      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066465  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1897868   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1852      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062871  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014707  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2843      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1891219   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1853      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062905  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 325       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2855      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1873442   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1867      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063380  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014894  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133504    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2858      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1891434   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
