Sat May 13 03:03:46 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1614      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2520      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.095346  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9200304   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3364      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.142530  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034052  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4841      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.183163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9114366   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1566      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 205       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015512  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2485      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094021  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9118005   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1549      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2466      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093303  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9117988   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1554      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2462      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9118376   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1549      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065630  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 207       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2451      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9118039   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1550      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2464      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093227  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122292   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1569      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066477  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2503      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094702  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123658   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1550      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2463      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122649   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1548      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2461      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123396   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1556      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065926  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 205       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015512  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2470      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123328   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1545      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 205       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015512  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2448      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123030   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1557      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2486      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.094059  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122085   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1556      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065926  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2468      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093378  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123097   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1561      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066138  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2471      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9121790   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1542      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065333  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2460      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093076  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123788   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1558      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066011  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2471      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9121279   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1557      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2453      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122982   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1548      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2467      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093340  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122675   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1559      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066053  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2463      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9122657   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1550      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2463      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123149   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1545      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2457      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123209   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1554      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 205       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015512  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2475      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093643  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124597   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1563      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066223  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2476      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093681  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124610   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1552      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2479      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093794  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123939   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1547      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065545  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2469      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093416  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9123793   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1546      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2453      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124232   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1551      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 207       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2474      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093605  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125045   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2129      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.090204  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 257       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019447  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3852      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.145743  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8744441   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1513      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 202       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2414      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8744664   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1491      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063172  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 202       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015285  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2397      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090692  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8746360   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1484      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 199       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2362      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8742245   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1487      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063003  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 197       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014907  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2354      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8743976   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1489      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063087  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 199       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015058  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2369      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089632  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8746081   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1476      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062537  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 201       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015209  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2362      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8744560   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1477      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062579  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 197       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014907  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2349      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088876  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8744555   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1483      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062833  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 204       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2350      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 8942254   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3059      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.129607  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033900  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3647      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.137987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9121461   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1572      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066604  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2481      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093870  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124695   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1557      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065968  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2472      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125054   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1551      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2472      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093530  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124849   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1553      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2461      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125514   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1550      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2456      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125293   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1553      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2470      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093454  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125208   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1545      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2462      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093151  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125293   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1551      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065714  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 207       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2463      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124974   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1553      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2457      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124092   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1550      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065672  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2458      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9124808   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1545      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065460  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2461      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.093113  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125072   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 1546      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.065502  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 207       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 169280    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2455      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092886  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9125236   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
