Sat May 13 02:16:02 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2718      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 234       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016801  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1917      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068823  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2023277   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2728      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002870  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1941      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069684  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022165   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2724      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002865  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1933      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069397  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2023364   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2716      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002857  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 223       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1936      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021141   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2742      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002884  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1933      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069397  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021833   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2720      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002861  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1929      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069253  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021657   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2717      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1931      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2035433   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2720      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002861  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1930      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022409   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2708      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1936      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069505  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021089   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2708      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1939      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069612  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021050   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2715      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002856  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1928      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069218  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022272   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2721      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1938      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069577  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022727   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2725      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002866  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 247       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017735  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1907      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2033495   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2709      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1934      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2023364   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2727      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002868  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1942      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069720  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022636   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2718      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1926      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069146  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021625   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2718      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002859  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1935      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022134   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2723      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1934      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022117   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2730      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002872  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1937      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069541  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021782   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2713      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002854  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1928      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069218  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021732   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2723      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002864  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 224       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1933      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069397  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022332   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2735      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 222       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015940  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1934      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069433  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2021106   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2721      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002862  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1930      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2022023   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 3479      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003660  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 467       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1939      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069612  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1990100   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2879      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020822  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1970      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001432   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2688      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1898      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000498   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2687      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1904      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068356  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1999448   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2690      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002830  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1897      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000520   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2682      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1906      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000814   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2692      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002832  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1904      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068356  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000736   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2688      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1906      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001211   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2686      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002825  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1903      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001747   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2686      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002825  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1899      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068176  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001956   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2685      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1889      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001759   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2714      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002855  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1927      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069182  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001245   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2688      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1910      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001184   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2681      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1905      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068392  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1999883   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2689      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 223       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1914      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068715  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000702   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2691      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1911      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001050   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2699      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002839  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1915      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068751  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001704   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2687      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1908      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068500  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001714   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2673      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002812  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1909      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068535  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2001698   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2679      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002818  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1907      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068464  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2003614   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2684      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002823  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1898      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2002674   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2687      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015222  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1897      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068105  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2002314   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2683      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1894      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.067997  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000997   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2685      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1896      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068069  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000537   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2682      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002821  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1902      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068284  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000590   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2681      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002820  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1901      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068248  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000419   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2687      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 95228     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1917      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068823  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2000317   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
