Sat May 13 02:42:02 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2680      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.090980  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 539       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025166  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3846      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3482576   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2401      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081508  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 327       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3863      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3470252   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2405      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081644  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3864      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3468264   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2410      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 327       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3858      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090068  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3470996   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2401      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081508  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3841      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089671  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3486986   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2399      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 329       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3852      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3483296   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2402      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3463434   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2406      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015595  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3868      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3471404   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2400      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3848      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3483317   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2405      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081644  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3850      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089881  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3487165   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2394      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 325       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3832      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089461  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3479354   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2419      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 327       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3867      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3487633   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2409      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081780  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015781  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3464253   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2393      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081237  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 326       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015221  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3846      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3477577   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2424      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082289  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3873      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090418  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3475999   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2397      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 330       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015408  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3849      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089858  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3476818   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2400      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 335       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015641  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3845      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3481680   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2390      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081135  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3835      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089531  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3487989   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2398      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 327       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015268  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3869      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090325  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3488331   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2479      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.084156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3909      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091259  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3500228   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2416      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082017  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3854      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3488637   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2437      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3875      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090465  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3475797   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2451      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.083206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 338       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015781  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3874      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090442  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3466253   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2407      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081712  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 330       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015408  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3853      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089951  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3465049   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2398      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 329       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3470048   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2398      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3847      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089811  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3489329   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2398      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015595  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3848      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3481191   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2393      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081237  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3850      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089881  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3491230   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2399      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3852      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3482487   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2391      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 330       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015408  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3842      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3468242   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2394      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3843      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3463585   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2415      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3862      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3488506   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2406      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3857      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090045  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3605449   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2392      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081203  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3839      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089625  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3483990   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2400      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3851      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3496055   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2418      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082085  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015595  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3868      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090302  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3486396   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2401      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081508  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 330       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015408  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3843      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089718  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3471374   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2419      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082119  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3861      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3454166   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2402      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015595  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3848      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3468025   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2460      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.083511  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016015  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3887      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090745  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3489641   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2410      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015875  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3850      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089881  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3481527   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2402      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3853      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089951  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3462002   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2400      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 334       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015595  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3842      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089695  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3469772   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2412      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081882  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 329       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3864      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3469314   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2398      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081406  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015314  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3861      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3487119   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2400      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3871      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3476714   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2401      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081508  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 332       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015501  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3840      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089648  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3496880   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2394      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 329       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3850      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089881  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3487670   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2395      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.081304  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 331       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015455  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3848      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089835  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3465514   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 2417      μs
load:bytes               : 29457     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 21417     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015548  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 42834     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 284570    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3867      μs
spc:functions            : 98        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090278  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3477216   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
