Sat May 13 03:00:13 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1284      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1898      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071812  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4104176   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1234      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1873      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4147936   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1790      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 257       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019447  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3004      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113658  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4223060   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1285      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1924      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4222379   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2751      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116557  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034279  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3884      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.146954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4270539   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1826      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 272       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020582  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2987      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113015  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4281146   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2731      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115710  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3161      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.119598  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260736   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1282      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1955      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4263129   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1276      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1937      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073287  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4262001   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1271      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1923      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4262524   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1276      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1939      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4265428   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1276      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1939      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4262335   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1286      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1936      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260180   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1278      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1930      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4262398   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1283      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1944      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073552  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4262647   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1274      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1930      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4263665   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1281      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1953      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4263393   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1277      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1921      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072682  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4410469   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1269      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1919      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072606  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260819   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1274      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1924      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4259281   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1292      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1951      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260267   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1276      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1930      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073023  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261279   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1279      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1939      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261734   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1281      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1931      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073060  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260885   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1285      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1949      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073741  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4259958   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1282      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054317  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1954      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073931  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260569   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1677      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.071053  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 268       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020279  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2892      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109421  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260323   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1286      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1941      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260424   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1599      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.067748  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026636  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2055      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.077752  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261733   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1281      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054275  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1933      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073136  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4257969   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1275      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054020  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1929      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4256882   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1279      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054190  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1924      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072796  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4256979   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1822      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077196  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 267       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020204  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3029      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114604  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261939   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1278      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1927      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261198   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1276      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054063  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1927      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4299919   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1278      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1925      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072833  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260250   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1300      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055080  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1957      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074044  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261419   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1286      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054486  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1934      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073174  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260380   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1274      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1927      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4259809   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1273      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053936  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1921      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072682  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260323   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1609      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.068172  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 266       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020128  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2826      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.106923  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261916   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1312      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055588  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016420  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1975      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074725  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4257754   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1292      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016269  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1954      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073931  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4256797   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1284      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1939      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4255740   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1274      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1927      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4257395   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2122      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.089907  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026031  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3261      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123382  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4257377   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1284      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054402  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1941      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073439  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4259029   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1283      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054359  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1921      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072682  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4260015   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1275      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.054020  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1940      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4259884   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1274      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 91318     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1928      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4261436   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
