Sat May 13 03:11:19 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1271      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053851  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016723  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1849      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3552506   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1226      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1834      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069390  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3550725   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1230      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1844      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069769  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3569014   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1234      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1841      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069655  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3555469   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1232      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1840      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3551670   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1227      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051987  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1839      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3545328   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1232      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1835      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3548791   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1228      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1835      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3549063   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1228      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1836      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069466  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3557725   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1228      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1852      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070071  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3549114   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1226      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051944  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1837      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3551383   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1229      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1842      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3545549   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1223      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051817  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1843      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3555401   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1228      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1830      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3545088   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1228      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1840      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069617  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3550995   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1230      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1844      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069769  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3549184   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1232      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1858      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3559810   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1230      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1835      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3557891   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1230      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1849      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3548406   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1247      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052834  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1863      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070488  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3547141   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1231      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052156  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1835      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3554555   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1224      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.051860  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1842      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069693  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3549940   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1230      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052114  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1838      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069542  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3553860   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1240      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052537  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 208       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1859      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070336  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3549400   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1233      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1847      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3544989   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1955      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.082831  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 348       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.026333  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2359      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089254  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3580123   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1237      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1861      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070412  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3585136   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1235      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1855      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3579248   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1246      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052792  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1855      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3580259   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1245      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1854      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070147  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3572384   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1235      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016193  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1859      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070336  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3578640   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1253      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.053088  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1874      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3576419   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1238      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052453  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1870      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070752  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3573543   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1233      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015588  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1856      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3583896   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1235      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1856      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3570272   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1235      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1856      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3576514   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1236      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1850      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3585538   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1234      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 210       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015891  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1847      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3578398   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1236      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052368  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1848      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069920  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3584594   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1233      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 207       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1850      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069996  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3576479   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2673      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113253  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033976  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4015      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.151910  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3616348   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 2649      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112236  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033976  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2959      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.111956  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3553425   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1240      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052537  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1846      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069844  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3563552   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1237      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1862      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070450  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3560864   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1233      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1843      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3571887   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1235      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052326  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 212       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016042  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1845      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3561718   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1240      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052537  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016118  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1849      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3565993   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1234      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052283  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1853      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070109  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3561165   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1237      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052410  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1855      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3563160   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 35183     bytes
load:time_us             : 1233      μs
load:bytes               : 23602     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.052241  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13215     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 26430     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 77716     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1848      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069920  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 3573992   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
