Sat May 13 02:17:43 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3085      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003245  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 248       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017807  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2523      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090579  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5167594   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3028      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2517      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5170478   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3031      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003188  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2522      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090543  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5174405   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3007      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2511      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090148  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5168375   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3110      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2486      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175957   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3026      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2510      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5173925   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3040      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003198  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2530      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090830  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5171605   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3015      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2509      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090076  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175544   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3019      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003176  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2511      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090148  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5176860   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3015      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003171  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2515      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5177438   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3024      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 256       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2485      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089215  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5167259   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3026      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2514      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5170318   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5035      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005297  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025920  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4176      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.149924  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5182637   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3022      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003179  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2520      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5166798   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 8         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 6204      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.006526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5492      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.197170  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5196570   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3060      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 275       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2491      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175713   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3017      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2508      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5176535   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3019      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003176  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2502      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5172513   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3036      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003194  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2521      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090507  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5173938   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3024      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2516      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090328  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175201   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3024      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2530      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090830  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5174687   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3028      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2517      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090364  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175761   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3011      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2508      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5178071   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3018      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003175  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2527      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090723  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5140161   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3022      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003179  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2525      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090651  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5178411   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3013      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2515      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175492   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3035      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 254       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018237  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2486      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5170022   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3030      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003187  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2526      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090687  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5170922   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3013      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003169  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2506      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089969  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5335546   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3027      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003184  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2531      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090866  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5166542   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3084      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003244  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020392  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2477      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088927  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5179126   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3011      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2504      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089897  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5178850   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4664      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004906  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 223       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4124      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.148057  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5184480   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3129      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003291  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020822  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2490      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5168827   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3011      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003167  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2514      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090256  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5168190   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4963      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005221  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 351       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025202  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4173      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.149816  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5191181   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4981      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005240  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025705  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4157      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.149242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5181012   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4319      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 473       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033962  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2562      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091979  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5092352   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3801      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003998  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 357       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.025633  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2553      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5170336   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3001      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003157  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2512      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5175541   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3032      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2515      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5176994   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 8         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 6535      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.006875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034824  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5461      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.196058  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5194767   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3005      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003161  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 223       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2497      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089646  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5169420   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3010      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 222       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015940  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2510      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5138038   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3037      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003195  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2537      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5177362   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 3035      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003193  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2535      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091010  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5168272   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 8         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5428      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.005710  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 459       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.032957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2926      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.105047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5171893   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 6440      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.006775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.029726  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5475      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.196560  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5192021   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4691      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004935  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4115      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.147734  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5184596   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4679      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004922  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 176730    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4140      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.148632  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 5184493   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
