Sat May 13 02:29:03 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1851      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056252  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2744      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1765689   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1844      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056040  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 298       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2796      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1750214   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1865      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056678  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 296       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015245  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2821      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1809815   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1861      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056556  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2820      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1757132   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1845      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2792      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1842139   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1856      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 298       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2794      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071954  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1795863   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1856      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2799      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1762638   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1843      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056009  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 297       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015297  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2782      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1852913   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1850      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 300       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2795      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1770702   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1848      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056161  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 301       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2801      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072134  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1790876   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1853      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2807      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1763901   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1849      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 297       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015297  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2818      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072572  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1765352   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1839      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055888  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 298       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2798      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072057  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1800254   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1841      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055948  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014885  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2784      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071697  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1807873   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1851      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056252  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2804      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1752847   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1850      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056222  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2789      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1759635   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1840      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 297       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015297  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2792      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1778557   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2183      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.066342  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 374       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019263  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3053      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.078624  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1858929   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1892      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.057498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 303       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2857      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073577  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1815270   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1890      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.057438  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 302       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015554  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2864      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073757  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1800460   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1892      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.057498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 296       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015245  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2859      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1839067   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1889      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.057407  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 302       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015554  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2847      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073319  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1872778   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1883      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.057225  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 303       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2863      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1833747   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1911      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.058076  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 303       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015606  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2881      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.074195  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1841304   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 2639      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019160  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3955      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.101854  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1829104   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1849      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056192  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2803      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072186  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1778698   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1835      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2779      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864961   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1825      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055462  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 296       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015245  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2793      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1757044   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1834      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2782      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1779839   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1853      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014885  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2789      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1788159   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1845      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014885  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2793      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071928  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1750635   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1841      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055948  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 298       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015348  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2769      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071310  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1778929   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1831      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2776      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1794085   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1829      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014885  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2777      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071516  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1813488   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1840      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2785      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071722  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1822302   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1846      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056100  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2782      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071645  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1781781   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1831      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055645  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2780      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1798891   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1860      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056526  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 296       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015245  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2796      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072006  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1765367   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1837      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015039  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2786      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071748  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1786351   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1841      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055948  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 291       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014988  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2787      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1758174   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1833      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055705  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2788      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1781290   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1847      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056131  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2790      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071851  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2228758   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1840      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 290       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014936  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2781      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071619  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1757353   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1845      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 291       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.014988  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2795      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071980  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1818770   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1841      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055948  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 293       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015091  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2776      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1769357   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1823      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 294       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015142  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2773      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071413  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1795250   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1854      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.056344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 295       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015194  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2789      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071825  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1791949   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1834      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 300       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015451  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2783      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071671  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1743385   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1832      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055675  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 297       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015297  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2772      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071388  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1796781   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34519     bytes
load:time_us             : 1835      μs
load:bytes               : 32905     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.055766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 299       μs
validate:bytes           : 19415     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015400  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38830     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140990    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2810      μs
spc:functions            : 96        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072366  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1796975   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
