Sat May 13 02:23:37 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2768      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002912  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1853      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1882331   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2667      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1825      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.065520  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1883158   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2662      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1805      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1885436   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2663      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002801  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1808      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1884228   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 5748      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.006047  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 485       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034824  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3936      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141308  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1904574   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2666      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1830      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.065699  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1883073   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2640      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002777  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1802      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064694  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1883288   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2651      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002789  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1808      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1882415   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3953      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004158  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 275       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2322      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864791   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2632      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1806      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864634   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2616      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1791      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864422   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2622      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002758  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1802      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064694  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864171   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2618      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1785      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865364   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2632      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002769  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1793      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864918   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2643      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002780  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1808      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1862794   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2629      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1799      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064586  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863324   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2623      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002759  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1786      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864388   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2624      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1823      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.065448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863643   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2636      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002773  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 221       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015868  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1808      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863163   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2620      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1803      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863821   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2612      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1792      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064335  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863418   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2613      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1785      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864297   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2613      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002749  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1786      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865062   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2626      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 209       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015006  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1808      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864295   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2621      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1786      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864795   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2633      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1787      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064155  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1866026   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2618      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1785      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865717   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2616      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002752  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1800      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863829   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2621      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002757  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 215       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015437  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1798      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064550  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863851   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2633      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002770  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1800      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865161   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2624      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002760  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 214       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015365  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1794      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064407  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865820   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2631      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1796      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064479  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865586   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2628      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002764  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 224       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016083  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1791      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064299  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864093   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2617      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1785      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064084  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864730   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2611      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002746  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1800      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863752   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2622      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002758  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1786      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1864572   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2617      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1800      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064622  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1865768   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3962      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004168  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 273       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019602  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2338      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1871707   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2641      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002778  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 219       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1815      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.065161  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1871613   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2626      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 213       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1803      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064730  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1869490   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2620      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002756  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1805      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1870963   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2628      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002764  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 211       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1804      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1872385   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2635      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002772  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 228       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016371  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1793      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064371  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1871896   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2638      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 216       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015509  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1807      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1871906   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2646      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002783  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1802      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064694  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1870834   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 4196      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.004414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 267       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2449      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087922  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1863609   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2638      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002775  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 217       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015581  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1810      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.064981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1872023   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 2696      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.002836  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 218       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015653  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1846      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.066274  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1868757   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3730      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003924  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 271       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2270      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081496  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1901055   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 36103     bytes
load:time_us             : 3595      μs
load:bytes               : 950515    bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.003782  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 13927     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020248  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 27854     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 76820     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1832      μs
spc:functions            : 84        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.065771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1878899   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
