Sat May 13 01:42:41 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1759      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.080988  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021968  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2407      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068140  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1206314   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1674      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2487      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070405  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1215428   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1655      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 279       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2489      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070462  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1212414   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1656      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2482      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1209597   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1645      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.075740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2454      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069471  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1210736   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1666      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2486      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1212183   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1662      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2484      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1210330   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1654      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 279       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2478      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070150  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216324   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2662      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.122565  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 592       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.033518  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3088      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1223850   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1673      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2508      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1230614   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1678      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2502      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070830  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1226280   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1688      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077719  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 287       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2520      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071339  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1224232   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 2514      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115751  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 353       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019986  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3817      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.108056  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1213837   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1668      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2492      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1220289   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1668      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2494      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1213842   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1658      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2485      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214520   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1674      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077075  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2492      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1215263   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1666      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2487      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070405  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1218574   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1665      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076660  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2492      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216284   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1665      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076660  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2492      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1217111   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1662      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2493      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1215711   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1656      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076246  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2481      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070235  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1219583   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1651      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2486      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216754   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1667      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2506      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216357   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1658      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2484      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1604156   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1660      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2482      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1213677   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1692      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2529      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071594  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1217438   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1658      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076338  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 284       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2494      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1223065   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1662      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2499      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070745  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1215187   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1654      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2506      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070943  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214865   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1672      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 289       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2499      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070745  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214485   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1666      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2486      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1217209   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1660      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2480      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070207  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1213922   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1668      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076799  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2493      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1224388   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1664      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076614  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2493      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070575  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216329   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1667      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 285       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016136  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2508      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070999  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214356   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1663      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 280       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2497      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1213717   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1670      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 283       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016023  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2483      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1215172   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1681      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077397  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 286       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016192  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2516      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214433   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 2         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1659      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 279       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015796  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2507      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070971  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216617   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1673      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 291       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2485      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070348  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1231372   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1663      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076568  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2484      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214418   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1673      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077029  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 281       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2513      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071141  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1221715   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1660      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 292       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016532  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2500      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1212883   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1672      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2505      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070914  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216304   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1662      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 280       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015853  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2482      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070263  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1214283   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1667      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076753  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 287       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016249  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2503      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070858  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1235390   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1679      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.077305  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2514      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1215852   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1695      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.078042  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 282       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015966  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2524      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.071452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1212996   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34951     bytes
load:time_us             : 1654      μs
load:bytes               : 21719     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.076154  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 17662     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016306  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35324     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 115524    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2481      μs
spc:functions            : 102       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070235  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1216722   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
