Sat May 13 02:05:09 AM EDT 2023
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4689      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099719  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016470  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7792      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.115204  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2570156   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4686      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016440  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7725      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114214  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2569602   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4685      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099634  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 557       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016470  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7713      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114036  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2570721   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4684      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099612  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016440  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7712      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114022  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2565736   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4674      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7700      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113844  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2569144   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4672      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099357  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 559       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016529  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7697      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113800  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2570254   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4677      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099464  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 549       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7706      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2571171   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4663      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7753      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114628  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2567463   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4681      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099549  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 551       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016293  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7711      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2569086   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4675      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099421  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 548       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016204  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7693      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113741  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2574408   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4674      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 556       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016440  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7709      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113977  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2572094   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4690      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 560       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016559  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7710      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113992  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2571569   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4696      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099868  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7732      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114317  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2567791   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4664      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099187  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 553       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016352  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7693      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113741  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2580867   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4651      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 550       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016263  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7655      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113179  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2569733   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4679      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099506  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 552       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7702      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113874  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2571091   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4676      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 550       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016263  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7711      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2569164   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4680      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099527  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7771      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.114894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2567273   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4649      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098868  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 552       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7676      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113489  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2582331   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4676      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7692      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2569166   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 5194      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110458  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 716       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021172  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7968      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.117807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2543753   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4651      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 550       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016263  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7661      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113268  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2555884   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4646      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098804  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7642      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112987  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2553940   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4627      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 547       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7635      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2541361   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4663      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 558       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016500  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7644      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2541227   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4624      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098336  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 551       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016293  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7614      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112573  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2542968   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4627      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098400  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 547       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7631      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112824  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2545290   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4638      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098634  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 545       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7637      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2544688   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4624      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098336  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 539       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015938  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7611      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2545294   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4626      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 547       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7695      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2556009   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 9696      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.206201  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1156      μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034182  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 16010     μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.236708  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2548667   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 7         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 6137      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.130513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 1164      μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.034419  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 8353      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.123499  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2542168   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4636      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098592  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 545       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7635      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112883  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2549434   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4628      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 549       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7691      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113711  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2548951   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4633      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098528  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 551       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016293  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7688      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2540752   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4620      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098251  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 540       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015967  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7616      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539728   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4625      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 552       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7684      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539368   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4644      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 554       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016381  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7695      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113770  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539043   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4616      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 545       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7604      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112425  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2589215   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4621      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098273  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 562       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016618  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7599      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112351  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2538220   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4631      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 550       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016263  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7651      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113120  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2555804   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4614      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098124  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 551       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016293  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7605      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112440  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2541374   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4631      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098485  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 548       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016204  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7610      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112514  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539965   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4606      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097954  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 549       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016233  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7658      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113223  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539717   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4628      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 547       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7625      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2538936   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4618      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098209  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 552       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7672      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113430  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2546004   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4610      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098039  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 547       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016174  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7590      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112218  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2541369   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4619      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098230  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 552       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016322  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7620      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112661  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2540316   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4628      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 545       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7684      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.113608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539872   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
----
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 34479     bytes
load:time_us             : 4626      μs
load:bytes               : 47022     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.098379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 545       μs
validate:bytes           : 33818     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 67636     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 479180    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7627      μs
spc:functions            : 158       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.112765  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 2539223   μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
