pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1332      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.041342  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 250       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019740  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1829      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.072212  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 210237    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.072212 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1224      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.037990  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 220       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017372  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1759      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069448  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 210477    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.069448 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1216      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.037741  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016266  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1751      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.069132  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 209707    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.069132 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1377      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.042738  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 207       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016345  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1926      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.076042  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 209175    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.076042 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1376      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.042707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 250       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019740  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1854      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.073199  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 207413    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.073199 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1212      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.037617  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 206       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016266  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1731      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068343  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 211817    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.068343 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1318      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.040907  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 248       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019583  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1796      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.070909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 215874    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.070909 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1537      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.047704  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 246       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019425  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2552      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.100758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 220038    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.100758 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1209      μs
load:bytes               : 32219     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.037524  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 203       μs
validate:bytes           : 12664     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016029  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 25328     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 68522     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 1747      μs
spc:functions            : 46        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.068975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 217718    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.068975 us/byte
