pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2980      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.063796  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 468       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018479  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4618      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091174  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 552744    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.091174 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 4225      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.090449  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 505       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019940  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 7207      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.142290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 548043    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.142290 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2910      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062297  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 449       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017729  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4558      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089990  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545996    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089990 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2864      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018005  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4379      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 521528    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086456 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2940      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062940  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016189  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4667      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.092142  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 552102    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.092142 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2885      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.061762  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4573      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090286  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 553404    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.090286 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 3000      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.064224  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 498       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4538      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089595  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 537999    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089595 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2897      μs
load:bytes               : 46711     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.062019  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 25325     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.015834  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 50650     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 190464    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4628      μs
spc:functions            : 116       functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.091372  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 549993    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.091372 us/byte
