pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2161      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113491  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3109      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087341  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087341 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1943      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102042  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017417  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2999      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084251 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2153      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113071  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021800  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3108      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087313  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087313 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2137      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112231  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021631  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3107      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087285  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087285 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2108      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110708  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3075      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086386  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086386 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1991      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104563  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022024  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2918      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081975 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1894      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099469  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 311       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017473  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2880      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.080907  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.080907 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2174      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114174  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3123      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087734  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087734 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2100      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110288  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3064      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086077 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1933      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101517  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 325       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018260  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2982      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083773  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083773 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2028      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106507  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021575  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2979      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083689  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083689 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2065      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021406  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3023      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084925  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084925 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2042      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2991      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084026 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1967      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2932      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082368  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 80        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082368 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1939      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101832  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 304       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017080  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2972      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083492 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2015      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105824  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2972      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083492 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1986      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018878  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3011      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084588  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084588 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109920  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3036      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085290 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1945      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3005      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084419  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084419 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2154      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113124  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021912  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3116      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087537  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087537 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1932      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101465  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017361  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2994      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084110  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084110 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2098      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110183  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021575  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3094      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086919  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086919 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2060      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108187  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021406  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3025      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084981  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084981 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2037      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106979  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021350  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2999      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084251  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084251 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2048      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107557  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021631  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3013      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084644 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2016      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105876  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 382       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2993      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084082  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084082 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2046      μs
load:bytes               : 19041     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107452  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 17798     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021406  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35596     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 129446    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3053      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085768  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82        μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085768 us/byte
