pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2304      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110002  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021627  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3377      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085723  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14435     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085723 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2176      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103891  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021170  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3222      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081789  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13985     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081789 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2378      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113535  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021932  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3493      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088668  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14793     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088668 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2192      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104655  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3313      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084099  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14584     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084099 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2133      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101838  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 348       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017667  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3318      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084226  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14552     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084226 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2319      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110718  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021475  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3400      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086307  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14454     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086307 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2217      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020104  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3353      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085114  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14684     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085114 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2263      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108044  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022389  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3357      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085216  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14438     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085216 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2321      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110814  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021830  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3421      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14599     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086840 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2203      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105180  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020916  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3257      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082677  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14221     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082677 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2289      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109286  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021881  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3304      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083870  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13990     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083870 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2110      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018429  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3231      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082017  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14320     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082017 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2342      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111816  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021881  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3356      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13801     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085190 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2083      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099450  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017363  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3276      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083159  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14486     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083159 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2334      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111434  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021678  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3421      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14498     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086840 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2281      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021881  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3393      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086129  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14524     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086129 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2222      μs
load:bytes               : 20945     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106087  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19697     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021983  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39394     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139974    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3296      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083667  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14281     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083667 us/byte
