pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2243      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107018  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021713  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3327      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084394  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4583      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084394 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2174      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103726  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021307  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3245      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082314  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4528      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082314 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2162      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103153  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020597  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3179      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.080640  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4380      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.080640 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2339      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111598  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022271  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3453      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4662      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087590 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2240      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022170  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3332      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084521  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4588      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084521 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2321      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110740  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021713  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3438      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087210  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4635      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087210 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2318      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022170  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3394      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086094  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4632      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086094 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2353      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112266  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021510  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3506      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088935  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4628      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088935 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2240      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3377      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4536      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085662 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2373      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113221  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023134  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3431      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4642      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087032 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2238      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106779  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021713  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3317      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084140  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4582      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084140 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2222      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106016  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020293  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3309      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083937  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4521      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083937 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2287      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109117  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3378      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085688  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4584      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085688 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2240      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3333      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4561      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084546 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2256      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107638  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021663  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3337      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084648  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4579      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084648 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2166      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103344  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021409  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3225      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081807  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4372      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081807 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2358      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021865  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3431      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4622      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087032 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2350      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112123  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022221  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3434      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087108  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4626      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087108 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2230      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106398  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3330      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084470  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4512      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084470 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2244      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107066  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021358  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3288      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083405  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4385      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083405 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2266      μs
load:bytes               : 20959     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19711     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021815  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39422     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140726    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3354      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085079  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 4413      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085079 us/byte
