pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1982      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 318       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017686  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3080      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085650  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27271     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085650 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2118      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110180  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021412  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3107      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086401  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26194     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086401 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2112      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109868  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022135  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3103      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086290  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27433     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086290 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2189      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113874  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3221      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26990     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089571 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2092      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108827  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021968  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3075      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085511  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26812     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085511 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2189      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113874  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022135  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3181      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088459  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26719     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088459 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2080      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108203  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 398       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022135  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3064      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085205  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26783     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085205 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1971      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 314       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017463  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3054      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084927  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26749     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084927 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2112      μs
load:bytes               : 19223     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109868  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 17980     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021690  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35960     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130886    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3092      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085984  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26535     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085984 us/byte
