pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2159      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102254  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 353       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017772  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3339      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16391     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084054 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2326      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110163  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021951  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3438      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086547  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16355     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086547 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2334      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110542  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022001  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3407      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085766  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16483     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085766 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2385      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112958  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021649  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3514      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16665     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088460 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2194      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103912  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017722  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3400      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085590  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16567     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085590 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2272      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107606  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021347  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3363      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084659  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16265     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084659 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2286      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108269  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022102  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3401      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16518     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085615 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2383      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112863  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021447  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3448      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086798  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16394     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086798 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2232      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105711  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019937  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3386      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085238  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18178     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085238 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2451      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022102  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3521      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088636  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 15866     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088636 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2204      μs
load:bytes               : 21114     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104385  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19862     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021246  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39724     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142672    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3302      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 16446     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083123 us/byte
