pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2209      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019858  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3371      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1072      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084736 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2281      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107904  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021768  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3389      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085189  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 996       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085189 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2146      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101518  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 355       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017847  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3359      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084435  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1017      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084435 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2227      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105350  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019908  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3380      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1010      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084963 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2362      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111736  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3443      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1025      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086546 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2326      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110033  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3444      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086571  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1053      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086571 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2333      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021366  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3420      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085968  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 996       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085968 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2253      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106580  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 373       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018752  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3503      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088054  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1013      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088054 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2175      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102890  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 349       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017545  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3345      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084083  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 979       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084083 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2288      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108235  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3398      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085415  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1023      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085415 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2110      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 344       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017294  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3254      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081795  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 992       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081795 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2334      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110412  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021064  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3417      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085893  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 942       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085893 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2381      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021567  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3485      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1055      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087602 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2156      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101991  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018299  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3356      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084359  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1004      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084359 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2283      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107999  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021115  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3391      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085239  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1007      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085239 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2260      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021668  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3350      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084208  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1023      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084208 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2188      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103505  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 355       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017847  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3383      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085038  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1031      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085038 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2232      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105586  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020562  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3358      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084410  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1000      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084410 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2301      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108850  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021617  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3378      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084912  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1024      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084912 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2355      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021668  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3471      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087250  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1030      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087250 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2157      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102038  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017394  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3342      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084007  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1002      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084007 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2460      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116372  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 467       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023477  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3554      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089336  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 948       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089336 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2271      μs
load:bytes               : 21139     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19891     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021316  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39782     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 143222    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3405      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085591  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 1004      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085591 us/byte
