pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2016      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101393  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 325       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017435  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3116      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083583  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86949     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083583 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2875      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.144595  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4863      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130445  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 91326     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.130445 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2155      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021298  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3159      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084737  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 85729     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084737 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2060      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103606  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 328       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017596  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3194      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87346     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085675 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2203      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110798  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3237      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086829  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87297     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086829 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2156      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108434  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022103  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3105      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083288  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83440     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083288 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2099      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105567  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020708  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3129      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083932  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 86128     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083932 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2103      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105768  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3162      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084817  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87160     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084817 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1993      μs
load:bytes               : 19883     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100236  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 18640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134550    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3003      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.080552  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83160     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.080552 us/byte
