pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2061      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021735  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3029      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083975 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2083      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108073  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021236  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3090      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085666  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 282       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085666 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2177      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112950  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 392       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021735  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3143      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087136  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 285       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087136 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2017      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104648  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 379       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021014  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3026      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083892  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 281       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083892 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1926      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099927  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 306       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016967  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2977      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082533  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 275       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082533 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1981      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102780  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017466  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3070      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085112 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2044      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106049  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021070  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3043      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084363  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 286       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084363 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2222      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115284  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022179  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3210      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088993  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 285       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088993 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2172      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112690  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021957  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3168      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087829  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087829 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2018      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104700  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 355       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3044      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084391  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 286       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084391 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2028      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105219  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019517  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3080      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085389  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085389 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2045      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106101  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022123  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3018      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083670  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 286       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083670 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2152      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111653  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022234  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3162      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087662  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 303       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087662 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2180      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113105  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022234  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3123      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 283       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086581 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1967      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102054  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 321       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017798  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2978      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082561  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 274       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082561 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2064      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107087  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3040      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084280  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 274       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084280 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2049      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021458  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3030      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084003  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 299       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084003 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2124      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110200  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3146      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087219  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087219 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1935      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100394  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017687  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3007      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083365  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 291       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083365 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2225      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3245      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 286       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089963 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2170      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112586  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022289  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3161      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 295       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087635 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2179      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113053  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021901  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3151      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087357  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 286       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087357 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2173      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112742  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 390       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021624  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3161      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087635  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 286       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087635 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2050      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106360  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021901  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3067      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085029  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 290       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085029 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2157      μs
load:bytes               : 19274     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111912  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 18035     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022400  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36070     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 131622    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3145      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087191  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 287       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087191 us/byte
