pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2116      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104323  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020535  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3171      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083272  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 50444     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083272 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2068      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101957  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020378  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3119      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081906  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 50451     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081906 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2177      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021901  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3203      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084112  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 51253     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084112 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2105      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020325  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3141      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082484  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 50380     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082484 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2154      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3113      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081748  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 48877     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081748 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 3082      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.151949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5064      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.132983  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 51104     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.132983 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2185      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107725  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3161      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 49083     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083009 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2101      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103584  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 372       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019537  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3175      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 50674     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083377 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103189  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 349       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018329  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3204      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 51315     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084138 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2110      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104028  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 395       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020745  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3134      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082300  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 49943     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082300 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2198      μs
load:bytes               : 20283     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108366  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 19040     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38080     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 136918    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3245      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085215  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 50742     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085215 us/byte
