pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2377      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020725  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3475      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087615  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14487     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087615 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2280      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108164  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022137  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3366      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14657     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084867 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2318      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109967  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021632  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3424      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086329  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14725     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086329 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2345      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111248  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021733  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3463      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087312  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14540     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087312 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2271      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107737  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021733  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3354      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084564  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14587     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084564 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2293      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020876  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3384      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085320  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14303     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085320 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2375      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112671  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 448       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022590  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3447      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086909  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14585     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086909 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2263      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3378      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14626     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085169 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2174      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103135  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018203  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3337      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084135  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14564     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084135 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2213      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104986  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021683  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3288      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082900  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13816     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082900 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2339      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110963  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021531  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3413      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086052  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14290     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086052 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2194      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021279  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3256      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082093  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13966     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082093 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2421      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114853  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021985  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3500      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088245  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14495     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088245 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2212      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104938  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021330  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3349      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084438  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14569     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084438 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2282      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108259  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022086  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3378      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14524     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085169 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2164      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102661  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017447  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3383      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085295  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14606     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085295 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2191      μs
load:bytes               : 21079     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103942  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 19831     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019817  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39662     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141046    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3333      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084035  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14430     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084035 us/byte
