pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2215      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106199  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021265  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3340      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10501     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085164 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2356      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112959  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3403      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10269     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086771 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2167      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103897  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019837  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3285      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083762  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10558     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083762 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2162      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103658  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 377       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019225  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3335      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085037  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10713     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085037 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2300      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110274  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021724  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3403      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10375     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086771 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2207      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105815  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021418  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3264      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083227  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10679     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083227 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2326      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3416      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10494     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087102 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2260      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108356  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021673  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3415      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10496     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087077 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2319      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111185  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3395      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086567  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10369     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086567 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2258      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022030  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3314      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084502  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10224     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084502 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2382      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114206  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022081  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3446      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087867  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10341     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087867 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2238      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107302  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3272      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083431  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9908      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083431 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2352      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112767  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 445       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022693  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3413      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087026  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10321     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087026 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2275      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109076  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021826  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3380      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086184  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10445     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086184 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2201      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105528  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 397       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020245  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3302      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084196  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10544     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084196 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2148      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102987  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017950  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3329      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084884  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10418     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084884 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2250      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107877  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022132  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3302      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084196  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10348     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084196 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2461      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.117993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022336  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4368      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.111377  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11116     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.111377 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2234      μs
load:bytes               : 20857     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107110  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19609     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022387  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39218     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140598    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3231      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082385  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10212     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082385 us/byte
