pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2287      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107938  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3374      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13521     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084603 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2185      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103124  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018104  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3355      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084127  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 13795     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084127 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2357      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111242  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021514  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3436      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086158  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14689     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086158 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2207      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104162  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021163  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3312      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083049  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14491     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083049 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2288      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107985  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021915  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3408      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085456  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14402     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085456 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2266      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106947  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3358      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084202  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14794     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084202 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2253      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106333  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021965  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3357      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084177  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14412     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084177 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2153      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101614  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019608  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3290      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082497  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14106     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082497 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103643  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3354      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084102  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14381     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084102 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2318      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 440       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022066  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3391      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085030  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14136     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085030 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2206      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104115  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 375       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018806  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3379      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084729  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14348     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084729 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2386      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112610  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 451       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022617  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3501      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14433     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087788 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2125      μs
load:bytes               : 21188     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100292  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 349       μs
validate:bytes           : 19940     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017502  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39880     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141606    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3309      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082973  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 14673     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082973 us/byte
