pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2183      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105301  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021304  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3199      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082114  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 778       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082114 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2289      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110414  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021869  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3358      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086195  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 882       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086195 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2142      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103323  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019970  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3271      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083962  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 876       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083962 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2242      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108147  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021869  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3313      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085040  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 872       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085040 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2283      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110124  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 413       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021202  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3342      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085784  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 875       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085784 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2279      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109931  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021304  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3314      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085065  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 831       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085065 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2303      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111089  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021972  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3357      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086169  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 854       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086169 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2087      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100670  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017403  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3257      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083602  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 884       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083602 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2250      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108533  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022075  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3356      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086144  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 836       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086144 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2321      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111957  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3408      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087478  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 869       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087478 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2348      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113260  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021869  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3390      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087016  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087016 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2174      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019816  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3297      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084629  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 876       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084629 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2196      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105928  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021613  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3201      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082165  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 832       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082165 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2283      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110124  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022434  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3365      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086375  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 913       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086375 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2228      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107471  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3283      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084270  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084270 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2258      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108919  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021921  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3344      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 880       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085836 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2265      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109256  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021869  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3347      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085913  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085913 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2084      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100525  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3273      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084013  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 861       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084013 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2222      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107182  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021972  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3280      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084193  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 858       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084193 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2111      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101828  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 393       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020175  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3179      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081600  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 828       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081600 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2063      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099512  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017454  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3161      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081138  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 842       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081138 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2174      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021510  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3261      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083705  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 842       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083705 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2152      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103805  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 342       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017557  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3344      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085836  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 908       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085836 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2317      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111764  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022485  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3412      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087581  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 879       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087581 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2123      μs
load:bytes               : 20731     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102407  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19479     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017608  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38958     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 141328    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3330      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085476  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 910       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085476 us/byte
