pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2186      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019641  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3291      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9901      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083731 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2254      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107846  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021524  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3328      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084673  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9799      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084673 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2286      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109377  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021626  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3353      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085309  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9880      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085309 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2308      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021371  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3372      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085792  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9757      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085792 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2186      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104593  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019641  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3280      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083452  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9807      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083452 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2301      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110095  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021677  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3439      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087497  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10248     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087497 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2182      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104401  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 381       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019387  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3301      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083986  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9822      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083986 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2133      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102057  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017555  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3302      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084011  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9881      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084011 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2360      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112918  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022033  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3418      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086963  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9944      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086963 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2217      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106076  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020303  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3323      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084546  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9895      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084546 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2259      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108086  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022084  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3332      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084775  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10085     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084775 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2315      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021728  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3397      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086428  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9825      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086428 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2320      μs
load:bytes               : 20900     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111004  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19652     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022236  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39304     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140214    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3367      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085665  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 9901      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085665 us/byte
