pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2276      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106949  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3395      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084735  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 42992     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084735 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2295      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107842  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 414       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020665  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3418      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085309  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43393     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085309 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 6         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2277      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106996  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021015  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3424      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085458  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43947     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085458 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2365      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111131  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021364  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3463      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086432  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43057     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086432 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2219      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104271  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018020  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3396      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084760  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43673     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084760 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2352      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110521  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3443      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085933  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43156     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085933 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2248      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105634  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020316  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3355      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43135     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083736 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 3248      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.152624  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021913  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5395      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.134652  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 44568     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.134652 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2329      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109440  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021913  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3455      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086232  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 44152     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086232 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2341      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110004  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020416  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3475      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086731  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43300     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086731 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2199      μs
load:bytes               : 21281     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103331  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 354       μs
validate:bytes           : 20033     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017670  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40066     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144006    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3430      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085608  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43886     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085608 us/byte
