pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2175      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105097  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021335  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3275      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084185  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 875       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084185 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2332      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112684  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021901  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3345      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085985  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 865       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085985 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2323      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112249  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3394      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087244  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 884       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087244 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2149      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020770  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3259      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083774  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 887       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083774 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2327      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112442  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022415  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3397      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087321  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 938       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087321 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2129      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102875  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 403       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020718  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3162      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081281  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 842       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081281 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2156      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104179  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019998  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3273      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084134  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 861       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084134 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2253      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108866  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3336      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085753  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 915       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085753 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2267      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109543  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3339      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085831  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 860       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085831 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2313      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111766  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 421       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021644  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3366      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086525  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 869       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086525 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2330      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112587  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3396      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087296  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087296 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2229      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3314      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085188  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 899       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085188 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2145      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103648  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019536  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3303      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084905  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 951       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084905 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2104      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101667  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 343       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017634  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3269      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084031  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 905       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084031 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2126      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102730  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 353       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018148  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3310      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085085  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 914       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085085 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2095      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101232  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 354       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018199  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3283      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084391  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 815       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084391 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2338      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112974  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 420       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021592  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3413      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087733  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 884       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087733 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2229      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107707  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3299      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084802  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 874       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084802 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2331      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112635  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021335  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3395      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087270  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 876       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087270 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2244      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108431  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3311      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085111  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 904       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085111 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2158      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104276  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 359       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018456  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3312      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085137  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 902       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085137 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2176      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105146  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021952  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3264      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083903  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 898       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083903 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2149      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103841  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 351       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018045  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3353      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 909       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086190 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2393      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115631  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022312  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3479      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089429  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 897       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089429 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2180      μs
load:bytes               : 20695     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105339  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 19451     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021130  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38902     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139494    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3273      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084134  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 850       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084134 us/byte
