pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2319      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108379  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3993      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.099126  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20520     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.099126 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2982      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.139365  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021697  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5129      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.127327  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 22607     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.127327 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2340      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109361  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021895  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3443      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085472  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21638     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085472 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2274      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106276  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020356  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3385      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084032  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20470     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084032 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2209      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103238  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 366       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018171  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3404      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084504  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 21277     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084504 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2184      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102070  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017973  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3453      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085720  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20620     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085720 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2406      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112445  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021250  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3496      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086788  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20391     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086788 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2188      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102257  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 352       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017476  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3408      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084603  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20844     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084603 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2215      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103519  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 355       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017625  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3435      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085273  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 29581     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085273 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2373      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110903  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021746  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3460      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085894  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20211     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085894 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2202      μs
load:bytes               : 21397     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 401       μs
validate:bytes           : 20141     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019909  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 40282     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 144688    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3350      μs
spc:functions            : 76        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083163  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 20663     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083163 us/byte
