pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2034      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106197  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 313       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017470  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3208      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089528  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 110047    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089528 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2966      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.154858  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021544  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4993      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.139344  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 113601    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.139344 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2117      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110530  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020372  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3223      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089947  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 110646    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089947 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 3042      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.158826  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 387       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021600  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 5061      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.141242  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 111414    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.141242 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2151      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112306  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 383       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021377  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3209      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089556  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 109355    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089556 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2041      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106562  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 308       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017191  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3177      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 110038    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088663 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2167      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113141  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 385       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021489  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3241      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.090449  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 109674    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.090449 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2103      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109800  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020205  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3174      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088580  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 109909    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088580 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2109      μs
load:bytes               : 19153     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110113  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 388       μs
validate:bytes           : 17916     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021656  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 35832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 130548    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3167      μs
spc:functions            : 68        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 108063    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088384 us/byte
