pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106972  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3169      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082123  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 499       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082123 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2132      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103807  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022494  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3102      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.080387  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 460       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.080387 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2277      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110867  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3280      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085000  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 490       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085000 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2198      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021872  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3194      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082771  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 477       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082771 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2227      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108433  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021872  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3276      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084896  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 512       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084896 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2137      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104051  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 353       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018295  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3302      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085570  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 521       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085570 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2288      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111403  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022753  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3299      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 512       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085492 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2254      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109747  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021612  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3308      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 515       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085726 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2215      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107848  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 412       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021353  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3289      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085233  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 517       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085233 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2130      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103710  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 384       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019902  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3227      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083627  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 510       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083627 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2235      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108822  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022183  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3260      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084482  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 520       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084482 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2189      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106582  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 441       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022856  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3212      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083238  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 474       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083238 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2152      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104781  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 349       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018088  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3308      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085726  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 545       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085726 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2126      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103515  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021664  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3132      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081165  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 492       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081165 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2310      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112474  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 444       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023012  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3299      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 495       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085492 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2253      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109699  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3309      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085752  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 491       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085752 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2118      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103125  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 336       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017414  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3278      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 521       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084948 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2302      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112084  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021975  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3367      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087255  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 519       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087255 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2299      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111938  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021872  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3351      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 657       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086840 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2175      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105901  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3158      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081838  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 499       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081838 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2246      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109358  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 425       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022027  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3326      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086192  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 543       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086192 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2191      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106680  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021198  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3262      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084534  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 512       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084534 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2192      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106728  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 405       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020990  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3255      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084352  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 544       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084352 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2226      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108384  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021923  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3359      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087047  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 544       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087047 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2216      μs
load:bytes               : 20538     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107897  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 426       μs
validate:bytes           : 19294     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022079  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 38588     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 139110    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3278      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084948  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 529       μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084948 us/byte
