pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1789      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113220  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 300       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020491  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2581      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088148  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166256    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088148 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1615      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102208  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 259       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2473      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084460  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167791    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084460 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1758      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111258  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 315       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021516  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2511      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085758  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166505    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085758 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1808      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.114423  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 309       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021106  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2564      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087568  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 163956    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087568 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1631      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103221  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 275       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018784  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2463      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084118  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166668    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084118 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2251      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.142459  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 319       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021789  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3762      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.128483  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 169688    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.128483 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1643      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103980  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 298       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020355  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2444      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 166417    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083469 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1659      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104993  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 318       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021721  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2435      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083162  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 167797    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083162 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1593      μs
load:bytes               : 15801     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100816  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 249       μs
validate:bytes           : 14640     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017008  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 29280     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 99718     bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2441      μs
spc:functions            : 60        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083367  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 165408    μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083367 us/byte
