pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1802      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102444  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021016  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2687      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081840  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 27235     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081840 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1877      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106708  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 357       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021747  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2650      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.080713  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 25251     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.080713 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1983      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112734  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 354       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021564  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2808      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085526  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26343     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085526 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1783      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101364  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 353       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021503  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2586      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.078764  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 25294     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.078764 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1826      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103808  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 325       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019797  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2725      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082998  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26563     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082998 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2027      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.115235  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022173  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2856      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086988  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26215     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086988 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2043      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.116145  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 363       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022112  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2899      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088298  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26979     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088298 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1973      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112166  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 362       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022051  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2849      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086775  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26705     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086775 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1849      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105116  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021076  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2714      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082663  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26998     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082663 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1977      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112393  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 358       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021807  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2886      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26484     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087902 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1750      μs
load:bytes               : 17590     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.099488  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 288       μs
validate:bytes           : 16416     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017543  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 32832     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 111032    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 2708      μs
spc:functions            : 64        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082480  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 26499     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082480 us/byte
