pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2184      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111690  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3239      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088429  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 42704     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088429 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2784      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.142374  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 396       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021622  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4773      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.130310  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 48922     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.130310 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2173      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111128  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 409       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022332  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3168      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086491  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 43155     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086491 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2020      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103303  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 324       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017691  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3187      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087009  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 42927     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087009 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2121      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108468  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 399       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021786  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3153      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086081  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 42344     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086081 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2769      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.141607  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021841  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4761      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.129982  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 45477     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.129982 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2071      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105911  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 386       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021076  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3045      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083133  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 41398     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083133 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2120      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108417  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 404       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022059  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3137      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085644  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 42048     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085644 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2213      μs
load:bytes               : 19554     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113173  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 411       μs
validate:bytes           : 18314     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022441  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 36628     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 133188    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3244      μs
spc:functions            : 70        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.088566  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 42527     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.088566 us/byte
