pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2256      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107983  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 432       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021991  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3335      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084885  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11478     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084885 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2182      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104441  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 400       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020362  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3306      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084147  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11420     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084147 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2093      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100181  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 341       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017358  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3220      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081958  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11114     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081958 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2238      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107122  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021838  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3328      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084707  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11382     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084707 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2213      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105925  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 424       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021584  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3238      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082417  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 10995     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082417 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2121      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101522  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 346       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017613  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3342      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085064  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11396     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085064 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2095      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100277  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 348       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017715  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3200      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081449  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11011     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081449 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2242      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107313  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021787  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3317      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084427  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11404     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084427 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2324      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111238  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022195  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3417      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086973  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11492     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086973 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2213      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105925  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 389       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019802  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3366      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085675  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11453     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085675 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2341      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112052  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 418       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021278  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3432      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087354  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11360     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087354 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2146      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102718  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 340       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017308  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3334      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084860  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11497     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084860 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2335      μs
load:bytes               : 20892     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111765  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19644     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021838  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39288     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140246    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3375      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085904  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 11232     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085904 us/byte
