pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2484      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112078  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 453       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021654  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3666      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087623  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88347     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087623 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2248      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101430  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 361       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017257  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3453      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082532  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84019     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082532 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2366      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106754  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 443       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021176  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3459      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082676  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 84671     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082676 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2272      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102513  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 364       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017400  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3500      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083656  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87848     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083656 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2395      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108062  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 456       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021798  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3535      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084492  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88325     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084492 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2487      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112214  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 450       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021511  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3652      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087289  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88986     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087289 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2377      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 380       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018165  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3635      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086882  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88494     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086882 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2377      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107250  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020220  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3579      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085544  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 87660     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085544 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2296      μs
load:bytes               : 22163     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103596  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 20919     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017448  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 41838     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 148086    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3594      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085902  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 88676     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085902 us/byte
