pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2255      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107498  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 428       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021693  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3298      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083582  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7077      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083582 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2382      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.113552  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 454       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.023011  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3449      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087409  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7181      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087409 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2172      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103541  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 391       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019818  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3288      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083329  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7160      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083329 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 8         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2265      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107975  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 439       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022251  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3322      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084190  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7368      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084190 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2129      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.101492  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 345       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017486  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3326      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084292  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7929      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084292 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2171      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.103494  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 402       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020376  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3201      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081124  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 6846      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081124 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2274      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108404  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021947  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3335      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084520  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7154      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084520 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2331      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111121  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 437       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022150  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3401      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086192  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7160      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086192 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2322      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110692  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 430       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021795  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3431      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086953  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7201      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086953 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2343      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111693  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 427       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021643  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3436      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087079  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7181      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087079 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2263      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107880  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 422       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021389  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3347      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084824  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7993      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084824 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2301      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.109691  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 435       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022048  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3397      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086091  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7249      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086091 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2245      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107021  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 415       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021035  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3349      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084875  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7142      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084875 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2210      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.105353  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 410       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.020781  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3341      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084672  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7226      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084672 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2272      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108309  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022099  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3383      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085736  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7166      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085736 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2237      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106640  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021947  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3333      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084469  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7260      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084469 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2336      μs
load:bytes               : 20977     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111360  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19729     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021744  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39458     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 140582    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3463      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087764  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 7202      μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087764 us/byte
