pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2330      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110389  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3413      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085930  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19139     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085930 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2353      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111479  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 365       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018379  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3538      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.089077  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19217     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.089077 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2293      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108636  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 433       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021803  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3430      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086358  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19298     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086358 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2264      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107262  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 423       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021300  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3343      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084168  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19122     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084168 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2328      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.110295  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021703  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3431      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.086384  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19074     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.086384 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2258      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.106978  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 429       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021602  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3371      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084873  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19268     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084873 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2296      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108779  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 438       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022055  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3335      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083966  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18614     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083966 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2363      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.111953  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 436       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021954  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3462      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087164  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19298     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087164 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2281      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108068  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 434       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021854  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3381      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.085125  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19421     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.085125 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 3         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2267      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.107405  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 431       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021703  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3329      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.083815  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 18406     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.083815 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2197      μs
load:bytes               : 21107     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104088  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 419       μs
validate:bytes           : 19859     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021098  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 39718     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 142358    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3281      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.082607  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 19049     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.082607 us/byte
