pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2515      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.126261  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 408       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021846  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 4083      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.109311  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82151     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.109311 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1949      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.097846  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 310       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016598  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3052      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081709  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 78566     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081709 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2159      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108388  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 407       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021792  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3168      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084814  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82251     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084814 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2037      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.102264  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 339       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.018151  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3165      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084734  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 81756     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084734 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2154      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.108137  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 406       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.021739  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3164      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084707  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82827     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084707 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1999      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.100356  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 333       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.017830  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3056      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081816  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79462     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081816 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 5         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2233      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.112104  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 417       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.022328  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3257      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.087197  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 83500     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.087197 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 2080      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.104422  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 367       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.019650  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3174      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.084975  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 82628     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.084975 us/byte
pregen:time_us           : 4         μs
pregen:bytes             : 33799     bytes
load:time_us             : 1925      μs
load:bytes               : 19919     bytes
load:time_per_byte       : 0.096641  μs/bytes
validate:time_us         : 307       μs
validate:bytes           : 18676     bytes
validate:time_per_byte   : 0.016438  μs/bytes
spc:in_bytes             : 37352     bytes
spc:code_bytes           : 134934    bytes
spc:data_bytes           : 0         bytes
spc:time_us              : 3032      μs
spc:functions            : 72        functions
spc:time_per_byte        : 0.081173  μs/bytes
start:time_us            : 0         μs
main:time_us             : 79286     μs
probes:fired             : 0         count
compile_speed : 0.081173 us/byte
